
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.056849                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56849457500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5233017536000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  28458                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    50457                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               71353688                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3686368                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   796.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    22673468                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      40200851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12591936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          12591936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8005056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        8005056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       196749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             196749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       125079                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            125079                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    221496151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            221496151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    140811476                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           140811476                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    362307626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           362307626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     196749                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    125079                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   196749                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  125079                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              12590656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                8004992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               12591936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             8005056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            12050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            12261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            11948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            12402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            12215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            12273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            12528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            12582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            12459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            12678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           12382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           12687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           12230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           12006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           12242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           11786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             7748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             7615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             7751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             7848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             7722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             7852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             7912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             7983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             7878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             8050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            7835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            7867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            7762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            7739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            7897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            7619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    96364                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     8093                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  56848942000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               196749                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              125079                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  69836                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   3809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   2187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    999                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    869                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   845                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   814                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   666                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   622                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   867                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  1296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 98818                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  16889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  17847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  18457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  18877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  19600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   7970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   9689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  15750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       105874                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   194.524964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   144.346384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   168.979662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39842     37.63%     37.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        31307     29.57%     67.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23285     21.99%     89.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5019      4.74%     93.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3270      3.09%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1074      1.01%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          587      0.55%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          491      0.46%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          999      0.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       105874                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.244813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.059330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17487     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        17495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17495                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.149357                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.478685                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.617159                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12630     72.19%     72.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1896     10.84%     83.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1971     11.27%     94.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          998      5.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        17495                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 37418320982                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            41106989732                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 983645000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   190202.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              208952.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      221.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      140.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   221.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   140.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.68                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  143409                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  72516                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                72.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               57.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    176643.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   67.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11626698000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1898260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    43322727000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              402312960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              398026440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              219516000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              217177125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             766412400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             768003600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            404526960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            405913680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3712996560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3712996560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        22388205780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        21868407675                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        14469825750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        14925789000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          42363796410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          42296314080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          745.216039                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          744.028966                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12344576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          12344576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7779328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7779328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       192884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             192884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       121552                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            121552                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    217145010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            217145010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    136840848                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           136840848                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    353985858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           353985858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     192884                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    121552                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   192884                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  121552                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              12343488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                7779200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               12344576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             7779328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            11830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            12010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            11696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            12161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            11995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            12055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            12327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            12334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            12206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            12439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           12114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           12469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           11980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           11757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           11915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           11579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             7542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             7417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             7537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             7634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             7515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             7643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             7684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             7756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             7655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             7833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            7608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            7643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            7544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            7513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            7619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            7407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    93686                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     7940                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  56848691500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               192884                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              121552                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  68639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   2499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1099                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                    919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   844                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   814                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   798                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   667                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   667                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   687                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   678                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   761                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   805                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  1317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 96116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  16302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  17250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  17804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  18242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  18996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   7853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   9482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  15623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        98858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   203.547553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   152.014401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   172.158017                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        33710     34.10%     34.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30410     30.76%     64.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23183     23.45%     88.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5016      5.07%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3341      3.38%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1048      1.06%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          681      0.69%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          469      0.47%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1000      1.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        98858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        16911                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.404707                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.451200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        16904     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        16911                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        16911                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.187629                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.502389                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.653257                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12065     71.34%     71.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1940     11.47%     82.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1895     11.21%     94.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1011      5.98%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        16911                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 36621560705                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            40237816955                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 964335000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   189879.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              208629.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      217.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      136.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   217.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   136.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.67                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  142078                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  73476                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                73.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               60.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    180795.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   68.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11892410000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1898260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    43057113000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              375747120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              371543760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              205020750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              202727250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             751966800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             752325600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            393491520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            394087680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3712996560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3712996560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        22164902010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        21607358220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        14665706250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        15154779750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          42269831010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          42195818820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          743.563106                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          742.261167                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12348288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          12348288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7779264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        7779264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       192942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             192942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       121551                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            121551                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    217210305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            217210305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    136839723                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           136839723                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    354050028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           354050028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     192942                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    121551                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   192942                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  121551                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              12346880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                7779136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               12348288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             7779264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            11833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            12039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            11719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            12206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            11998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            12043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            12312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            12326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            12200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            12431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           12123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           12506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           11971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           11729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           11906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           11578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             7536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             7414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             7537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             7642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             7512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             7624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             7678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             7768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             7658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             7833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            7609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            7656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            7550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            7505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            7621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            7406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    94120                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     8020                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  56849351500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               192942                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              121551                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  68779                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   2425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1680                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                    929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                    913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                   829                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                   825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   754                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   700                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   612                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   733                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  1055                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  1471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 96618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  16296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  17173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  17678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  18296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  19057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   7923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   9442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  15686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        98463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.399216                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   152.793163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   171.787889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        33437     33.96%     33.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29979     30.45%     64.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23512     23.88%     88.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5001      5.08%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3421      3.47%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1024      1.04%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          644      0.65%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          439      0.45%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1006      1.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        98463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        16920                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.401773                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.472446                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        16915     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        16920                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        16920                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.183747                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.495575                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.664483                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12107     71.55%     71.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1865     11.02%     82.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1916     11.32%     93.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1032      6.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        16920                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 36553371513                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            40170621513                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 964600000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   189474.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              208224.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      217.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      136.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   217.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   136.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.66                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  142216                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  73786                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                73.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               60.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    180765.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   68.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11875377750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1898260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    43074141750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              374477040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              369850320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              204327750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              201803250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             752481600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             752232000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            393394320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            394191360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3712996560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3712996560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        21915672075                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        21416515380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        14884386000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        15322242750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          42237735345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          42169831620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          742.997274                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          741.802790                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12328640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          12328640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7777920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        7777920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       192635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             192635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       121530                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            121530                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    216864690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            216864690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    136816081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           136816081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    353680772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           353680772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     192635                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    121530                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   192635                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  121530                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              12327488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                7777856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               12328640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             7777920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            11816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            11990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            11660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            12159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            11946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            12024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            12298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            12308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            12201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            12422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           12152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           12440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           11970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           11723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           11934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           11574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             7540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             7402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             7536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             7630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             7509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             7629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             7683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             7753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             7656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             7836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            7610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            7663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            7545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            7514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            7621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            7402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    92794                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     8053                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  56848425500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               192635                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              121530                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  68440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   2502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                    958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                    898                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                   876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                   871                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   812                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   743                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   752                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   733                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   740                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   829                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   979                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  1403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 95345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  16318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  17181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  17758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  18307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  18963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   7741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   9560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  15702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        98060                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   205.026474                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   153.332596                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   172.224750                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        33078     33.73%     33.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30103     30.70%     64.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23388     23.85%     88.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4991      5.09%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3392      3.46%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          981      1.00%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          650      0.66%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          455      0.46%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1022      1.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        98060                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        16916                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.386616                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.186321                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        16910     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        16916                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        16916                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.184263                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.497069                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.660388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12117     71.63%     71.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1867     11.04%     82.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1914     11.31%     93.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1018      6.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        16916                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 36537306427                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            40148875177                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 963085000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   189688.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              208438.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      216.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      136.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   216.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   136.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.66                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  142071                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  74009                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                73.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               60.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    180950.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   68.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11622266250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1898260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    43327484250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              372261960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              369018720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              203119125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              201349500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             750336600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             752005800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            393199920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            394243200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3712996560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3712996560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        21900653145                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        21182601060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        14897503500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        15527373750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          42230070810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          42139588590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          742.863690                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          741.272029                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              441088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              109088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          380                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1556480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          380                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size               1024                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket               10239                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                6983385                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 49.079831                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                29.566150                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               105.608026                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6973208     99.85%     99.85% |        9879      0.14%    100.00% |         109      0.00%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |          78      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  6983385                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     15871464                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.506310                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.706223                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      4.391519                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    14454367     91.07%     91.07% |      932631      5.88%     96.95% |       39169      0.25%     97.19% |       33743      0.21%     97.41% |       38051      0.24%     97.65% |       42988      0.27%     97.92% |       57760      0.36%     98.28% |      130785      0.82%     99.11% |      141970      0.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      15871464                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            2048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            20479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            15871463                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              82.681195                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.269051                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            510.022017                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    15636133     98.52%     98.52% |      155760      0.98%     99.50% |       61289      0.39%     99.88% |       16153      0.10%     99.99% |        2036      0.01%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              15871463                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        14702706                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000396                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000340                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.020492                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14697026     99.96%     99.96% |        5555      0.04%    100.00% |         105      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          14702706                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1168757                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean       1085.048120                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       360.629469                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev      1564.544274                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      933427     79.86%     79.86% |      155760     13.33%     93.19% |       61289      5.24%     98.44% |       16153      1.38%     99.82% |        2036      0.17%     99.99% |          80      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1168757                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4702208                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    3964928                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         117061                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       117061                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          622                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          655                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          718                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          697                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     10954943                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       510578                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     11465521                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3734519                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124086                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3858605                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       265458                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22319                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       112670                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1528879                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        47688                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           48                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           48                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          416                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        23607                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        24023                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         5884                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          343                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22279                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        22622                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         5664                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          439                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16663                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17102                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         4282                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          478                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        26544                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        27022                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         6585                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          541                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16562                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         4172                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          212                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        17452                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17664                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         4511                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          473                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16630                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         4293                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          346                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16756                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17102                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         4305                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits          565                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        17610                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        18175                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles         4488                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits          442                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16660                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17102                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles         4259                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits          399                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        17776                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        18175                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles         4628                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits          457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16647                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17104                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles         4243                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits          519                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16583                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17102                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles         4213                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits          442                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16661                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles         4301                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits          457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16646                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles         4253                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits          445                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16658                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles         4265                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits          544                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses        18520                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19064                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles         4708                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits          469                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16634                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles         4297                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits          435                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16667                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17102                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.fully_busy_cycles         4333                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits          438                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16665                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.fully_busy_cycles         4286                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits          522                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses        18541                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19063                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.fully_busy_cycles         4717                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits          492                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16610                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17102                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.fully_busy_cycles         4330                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits          455                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses        17720                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        18175                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.fully_busy_cycles         4650                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits          382                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16721                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.fully_busy_cycles         4243                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits          398                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses        17776                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        18174                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.fully_busy_cycles         4547                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits          433                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16671                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17104                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.fully_busy_cycles         4293                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits          442                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16661                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.fully_busy_cycles         4284                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits          422                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16681                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        17103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.fully_busy_cycles         4252                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits          536                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses        18527                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19063                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.fully_busy_cycles         4762                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits          302                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses        17918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        18220                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.fully_busy_cycles         4800                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        53159                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27964                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        81123                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        12243                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24141                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        36384                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        12101                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        24180                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        36281                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10325                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        24109                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        34434                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9716                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        24125                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        33841                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10287                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        24099                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        34386                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         9123                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        24126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        33249                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9636                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        24065                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        33701                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        10996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        24420                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        35416                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        10102                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        24105                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        34207                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        10313                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        24124                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        34437                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        10662                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        24117                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        34779                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         8598                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24155                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        32753                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        10818                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        24083                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        34901                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        16342                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        24115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        40457                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        10400                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24087                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        34487                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        10273                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24059                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        34332                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10517                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        24108                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        34625                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        10525                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        24157                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        34682                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        10015                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        24129                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        34144                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        11168                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24069                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        35237                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        12292                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        24112                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        36404                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        12996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        24093                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37089                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        11543                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24117                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        35660                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        14874                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        24081                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        38955                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        18209                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24079                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        42288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9000                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        24068                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        33068                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9460                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        24049                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        33509                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8525                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        24078                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        32603                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8654                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        24068                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        32722                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         9629                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        24088                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        33717                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10745                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        24142                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        34887                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           13                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      8969406                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      8969406                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9131243                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8969406                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3852489                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3842258                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      8969406                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.078887                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      4169548                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      4169548                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4304441                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4169548                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2089559                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2072984                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      4169548                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.036672                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      3287626                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      3287626                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3404143                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3287626                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1289135                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1280746                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      3287626                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.028915                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      2876857                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      2876857                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2984838                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2876857                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1171810                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1164989                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      2876857                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.025302                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      3500644                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      3500644                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3638700                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3500644                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1637464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1625044                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      3500644                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.030789                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3844128                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3844128                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4076813                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3844128                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1814633                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1786956                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3844128                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.033810                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4312594                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4312594                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4449982                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4312594                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1638143                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1626386                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4312594                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.037930                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3095617                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3095617                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3225246                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3095617                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1288395                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1277773                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3095617                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.027226                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      1878861                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      1878861                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1937591                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1878861                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       796521                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       789253                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      1878861                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.016525                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2283924                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2283924                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2360647                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2283924                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1064885                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1056664                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2283924                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.020087                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2149742                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2149742                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2239157                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2149742                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       916044                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       906786                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2149742                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.018907                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1995656                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1995656                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2059260                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1995656                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       811001                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       804404                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1995656                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.017552                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2520304                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2520304                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2605196                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2520304                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1134452                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1125180                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2520304                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.022166                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2260994                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2260994                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2349905                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2260994                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       940761                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       931978                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2260994                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.019886                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1388785                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1388785                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1440188                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1388785                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       604680                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       597809                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1388785                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.012215                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1990229                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1990229                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2079299                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1990229                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       870024                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       859281                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1990229                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.017504                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2503567                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2503567                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2590859                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2503567                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1031193                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1022307                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2503567                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.022019                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2107382                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2107382                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2198763                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2107382                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       917245                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       907982                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2107382                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.018535                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      2142901                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      2142901                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2256184                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2142901                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       937519                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       924493                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      2142901                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.018847                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1414256                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1414256                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1467816                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1414256                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       615841                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       608028                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1414256                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.012439                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1127777                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1127777                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1146929                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1127777                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       503135                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       500913                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1127777                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.009919                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1463642                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1463642                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1502640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1463642                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       676370                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       673250                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1463642                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.012873                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1373207                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1373207                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1420055                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1373207                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       603331                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       599495                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1373207                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.012078                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       922225                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       922225                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       944196                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       922225                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       399224                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       397385                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       922225                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.008111                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1084882                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1084882                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1106929                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1084882                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       456148                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       454062                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1084882                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.009542                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1393595                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1393595                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1432724                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1393595                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       635054                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       631771                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1393595                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.012257                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1356006                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1356006                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1403659                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1356006                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       588227                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       584242                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1356006                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.011926                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       928898                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       928898                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       946853                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       928898                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       400609                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       398690                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       928898                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.008170                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3845018                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3845018                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4185732                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3845018                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1569107                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1553622                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3845018                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.033818                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      4007387                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      4007387                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4293294                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4007387                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1631672                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1619031                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      4007387                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.035246                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      4097200                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      4097200                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4500004                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4097200                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1688788                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1666668                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      4097200                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.036036                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      4345499                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      4345499                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4725657                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4345499                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1798112                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1776311                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      4345499                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.038219                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5647313     26.91%     26.91% |    14237910     67.84%     94.75% |     1100742      5.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     20985965                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5647313     26.91%     26.91% |    14237910     67.84%     94.75% |     1100742      5.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     20985965                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   210754414                       |   369742359                       |    26743549                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   328394615                       |    62429311                       |     1100744                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.319414                       |   25.968865                       |   24.295929                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   58.150596                       |    4.384724                       |    1.000002                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.935544                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    18.675561                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         47.611105                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003016                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.064544      6.95%      6.95% |    0.064416      6.93%     13.88% |    0.063371      6.82%     20.70% |    0.063173      6.80%     27.50% |    0.157378     16.94%     44.44% |    0.153640     16.54%     60.98% |    0.157186     16.92%     77.90% |    0.153385     16.51%     94.41% |    0.012968      1.40%     95.81% |    0.012974      1.40%     97.21% |    0.012975      1.40%     98.60% |    0.012972      1.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.928983                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.023263                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027577                       |    0.000001                       |    0.000980                       |    0.000933                       |    0.000701                       |    0.001096                       |    0.000696                       |    0.000741                       |    0.000698                       |    0.000702                       |    0.000743                       |    0.000700                       |    0.000747                       |    0.000699                       |    0.000698                       |    0.000699                       |    0.000699                       |    0.000700                       |    0.000780                       |    0.000698                       |    0.000699                       |    0.000701                       |    0.000781                       |    0.000697                       |    0.000745                       |    0.000701                       |    0.000747                       |    0.000700                       |    0.000702                       |    0.000701                       |    0.000778                       |    0.000770                       |    0.005339                       |    0.002810                       |    0.002621                       |    0.002773                       |    0.002635                       |    0.002653                       |    0.002610                       |    0.002620                       |    0.002671                       |    0.002720                       |    0.002805                       |    0.002707                       |    0.002678                       |    0.002700                       |    0.002644                       |    0.002668                       |    0.002759                       |    0.002692                       |    0.002709                       |    0.002729                       |    0.002738                       |    0.003027                       |    0.002713                       |    0.002705                       |    0.002719                       |    0.002722                       |    0.002697                       |    0.002741                       |    0.002809                       |    0.002834                       |    0.002933                       |    0.003115                       |    0.010368                       |    0.010162                       |    0.010165                       |    0.010149                       |    0.000215                       |           0                       |    0.000574                       |    0.001606                       |    0.000044                       |    0.000046                       |    0.000034                       |    0.000055                       |    0.000034                       |    0.000036                       |    0.000032                       |    0.000033                       |    0.000032                       |    0.000032                       |    0.000035                       |    0.000033                       |    0.000030                       |    0.000032                       |    0.000033                       |    0.000035                       |    0.000034                       |    0.000031                       |    0.000031                       |    0.000032                       |    0.000033                       |    0.000030                       |    0.000032                       |    0.000034                       |    0.000032                       |    0.000030                       |    0.000033                       |    0.000035                       |    0.000035                       |    0.000035                       |    0.000875                       |    0.002793                       |    0.000217                       |           0                       |    0.000031                       |    0.003484                       |    0.002518                       |    0.000873                       |    0.002718                       |    0.000032                       |    0.004102                       |    0.006287                       |    0.002514                       |    0.000876                       |    0.002866                       |    0.007636                       |    0.000033                       |    0.007691                       |    0.011220                       |    0.003497                       |    0.001241                       |    0.002669                       |    0.000044                       |    0.007630                       |    0.006101                       |    0.011230                       |    0.001171                       |    0.002820                       |    0.000046                       |    0.010598                       |    0.006830                       |    0.003838                       |    0.000876                       |    0.002852                       |    0.007443                       |    0.000035                       |    0.011899                       |    0.007576                       |    0.004564                       |    0.000875                       |    0.002748                       |    0.000032                       |    0.006127                       |    0.003994                       |    0.003776                       |    0.000931                       |    0.002775                       |    0.000032                       |    0.003292                       |    0.002511                       |    0.000876                       |    0.002996                       |    0.000032                       |    0.002135                       |    0.003558                       |    0.003276                       |    0.000880                       |    0.002714                       |    0.000033                       |    0.001950                       |    0.004886                       |    0.006419                       |    0.003206                       |    0.000876                       |    0.002678                       |    0.000034                       |    0.005988                       |    0.008959                       |    0.007867                       |    0.004387                       |    0.032501                       |    0.004526                       |    0.000574                       |    0.003453                       |    0.014972                       |    0.018456                       |    0.004404                       |    0.000003                       |    0.002842                       |    0.001606                       |    0.003551                       |    0.008657                       |    0.015625                       |    0.004388                       |    0.001397                       |    0.002682                       |    0.000055                       |    0.008558                       |    0.006859                       |    0.008782                       |    0.005477                       |    0.000934                       |    0.002730                       |    0.000035                       |    0.003244                       |    0.006106                       |    0.004657                       |    0.004460                       |    0.000878                       |    0.002771                       |    0.000034                       |    0.002052                       |    0.003255                       |    0.003268                       |    0.000975                       |    0.002775                       |    0.000033                       |    0.001708                       |    0.003317                       |    0.003269                       |    0.000925                       |    0.002804                       |    0.000032                       |    0.001602                       |    0.004060                       |    0.006279                       |    0.003204                       |    0.000973                       |    0.002953                       |    0.007444                       |    0.000035                       |    0.002531                       |    0.007606                       |    0.011269                       |    0.003226                       |    0.000870                       |    0.002657                       |    0.000034                       |    0.017642                       |    0.007469                       |    0.005950                       |    0.003309                       |    0.000918                       |    0.002684                       |    0.000036                       |    0.003101                       |    0.010629                       |    0.006621                       |    0.003238                       |    0.000941                       |    0.003049                       |    0.007438                       |    0.000035                       |    0.003710                       |    0.012184                       |    0.007522                       |    0.003340                       |    0.000874                       |    0.002724                       |    0.000033                       |    0.002894                       |    0.006099                       |    0.003965                       |    0.003297                       |    0.000934                       |    0.002773                       |    0.000032                       |    0.001631                       |    0.003271                       |    0.003285                       |    0.000872                       |    0.002764                       |    0.000030                       |    0.001216                       |    0.003230                       |    0.000871                       |    0.002697                       |    0.000030                       |    0.001198                       |    0.001411                       |    0.006008                       |    0.000875                       |    0.002715                       |    0.000032                       |    0.003990                       |    0.002409                       |    0.007483                       |    0.000875                       |    0.002799                       |    0.000033                       |    0.008289                       |    0.004873                       |    0.005152                       |    0.000875                       |    0.002725                       |    0.000035                       |    0.001308                       |    0.007737                       |    0.005855                       |    0.000974                       |    0.002754                       |    0.000034                       |    0.005954                       |    0.006717                       |    0.002414                       |    0.000874                       |    0.002790                       |    0.000031                       |    0.001201                       |    0.006129                       |    0.001414                       |    0.000876                       |    0.002777                       |    0.000030                       |    0.001218                       |    0.003269                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.928983                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5035819                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5035819                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       303340                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3443552                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2817512                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     81.819935                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          352395                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30075                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9672377                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              55049                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             7853688                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            103630                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9727426                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         7957318                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  17526065                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  158679                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              17684744                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3865652                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9453                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3875105                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3865652                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9453                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3875105                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                110137872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     14593787                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               29461614                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5035819                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3169907                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90466802                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          686338                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140401                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       165205                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       238315                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3365                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       319901                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3865019                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        154060                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3828                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    106270945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.509951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.776418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         96064609     90.40%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1550478      1.46%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           828132      0.78%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           760337      0.72%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           819308      0.77%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           862357      0.81%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           737455      0.69%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           494710      0.47%     96.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          4153559      3.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    106270945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.045723                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.267498                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          9287849                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      89215883                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4709422                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2714615                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         343169                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       50522221                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         343169                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         10425898                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        51732097                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      7423130                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           6173516                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30173128                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       49181683                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2081102                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         413465                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       27097231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     51451339                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     121126318                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     75361681                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          125                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      41014375                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10436949                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       196343                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       198369                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          18519681                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4929385                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      8119794                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       632339                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       471132                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           47938621                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       277079                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          50650362                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       215534                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7782203                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12494211                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        67867                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    106270945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476615                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.225037                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     85983980     80.91%     80.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      7493439      7.05%     87.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5392696      5.07%     93.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2401007      2.26%     95.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2048629      1.93%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1511948      1.42%     98.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878542      0.83%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       342630      0.32%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       218074      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    106270945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          106652     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         680156     77.50%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         90844     10.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       235513      0.46%      0.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      32520207     64.21%     64.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        30898      0.06%     64.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52180      0.10%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9818975     19.39%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7992587     15.78%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       50650362                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.459881                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              877652                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.017328                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    208664771                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     56005299                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     44559300                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           84                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          198                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           34                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       51292458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              43                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       817163                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1175378                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2685                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7739                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       512490                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5767614                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         343169                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4666491                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      44962789                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     48215700                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114042                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4929385                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8119794                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       267982                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          71284                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      44817774                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7739                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134152                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       224876                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       359028                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      50137213                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9666532                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       355003                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             17529633                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3822368                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            7863101                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.455222                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               44639326                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              44559334                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          24865093                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          40374401                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.404578                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.615863                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8005511                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       209212                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       316667                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    104994230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.382886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.198176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     89311128     85.06%     85.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5568879      5.30%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5131525      4.89%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1971685      1.88%     97.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       971544      0.93%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       332715      0.32%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       219246      0.21%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       311427      0.30%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1176081      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    104994230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     22673467                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       40200848                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               11361306                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3754003                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5781                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3448542                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  6                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          39851400                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       275500                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       111270      0.28%      0.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     28647781     71.26%     71.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        29695      0.07%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50794      0.13%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3754003      9.34%     81.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      7607303     18.92%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     40200848                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1176081                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            151936329                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            97694790                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84771                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3866927                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3560628                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            22673467                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              40200848                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.857566                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.857566                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.205864                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.205864                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         78173452                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        32558558                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                38                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               60                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          19139205                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         12901026                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        25751628                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         190684                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1570537000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1570536999.999999                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size         1024                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket        10239                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3195854                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        73.892475                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       35.744049                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      151.430639                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3185677     99.68%     99.68% |        9879      0.31%     99.99% |         109      0.00%     99.99% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |          78      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3195854                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3729501                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        28.169290                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       25.208428                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       16.097099                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3719692     99.74%     99.74% |        7583      0.20%     99.94% |        1737      0.05%     99.99% |         343      0.01%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3729501                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         58030                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        26.475961                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       24.146866                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev       10.877156                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        1719      2.96%      2.96% |        5996     10.33%     13.29% |       19518     33.63%     46.93% |       11342     19.55%     66.47% |       11972     20.63%     87.10% |        5189      8.94%     96.05% |        1815      3.13%     99.17% |         443      0.76%     99.94% |          30      0.05%     99.99% |           6      0.01%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           58030                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3989007                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean          139.940465                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.323400                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         613.205595                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3883329     97.35%     97.35% |       83070      2.08%     99.43% |       18965      0.48%     99.91% |        3332      0.08%     99.99% |         298      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3989007                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3530905                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.001156                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000991                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.035101                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3526939     99.89%     99.89% |        3870      0.11%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3530905                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       458102                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean    1195.425250                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    441.387380                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1419.750202                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      352424     76.93%     76.93% |       83070     18.13%     95.06% |       18965      4.14%     99.20% |        3332      0.73%     99.93% |         298      0.07%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        458102                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          7855443                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           92.996126                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.324088                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         574.081015                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     7725827     98.35%     98.35% |       72669      0.93%     99.28% |       42310      0.54%     99.81% |       12820      0.16%     99.98% |        1738      0.02%    100.00% |          72      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            7855443                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      7281065                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000226                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000194                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.015377                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7279450     99.98%     99.98% |        1586      0.02%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        7281065                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       574378                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean    1233.823233                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    444.852747                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1761.583813                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      444762     77.43%     77.43% |       72669     12.65%     90.09% |       42310      7.37%     97.45% |       12820      2.23%     99.68% |        1738      0.30%     99.99% |          72      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        574378                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3858604                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.672484                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.327467                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      21.618355                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3858553    100.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3858604                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3734519                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001369                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3734512    100.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3734519                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124085                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    86.104719                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.200973                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    88.593410                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      124034     99.96%     99.96% |          15      0.01%     99.97% |          12      0.01%     99.98% |           9      0.01%     99.99% |           8      0.01%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124085                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       167089                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.743837                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.804881                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    31.467862                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      164771     98.61%     98.61% |        1783      1.07%     99.68% |         463      0.28%     99.96% |          39      0.02%     99.98% |          15      0.01%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       167089                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       154931                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000513                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.024361                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      154839     99.94%     99.94% |          92      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       154931                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        12158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.673877                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.476443                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    75.138325                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        9840     80.93%     80.93% |        1783     14.67%     95.60% |         463      3.81%     99.41% |          39      0.32%     99.73% |          15      0.12%     99.85% |          16      0.13%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        12158                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.572727                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.510953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.752340                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         626     94.85%     94.85% |          24      3.64%     98.48% |           6      0.91%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.30%     99.70% |           2      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         626    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    72.352941                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.535593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    48.187690                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     70.59%     70.59% |           6     17.65%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2      5.88%     94.12% |           2      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         7972                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      2330778                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        57310                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     1112                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     2077                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     5275                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    13142                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     1620                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                     2060                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                     3557                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    13077                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                     1107                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     2054                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                    3565                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                    8670                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    1105                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    2059                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    3531                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   17489                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                    1114                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    2063                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                    3590                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                    8700                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                    1587                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                    2066                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    3578                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                    8691                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    1103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                    2053                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                    3563                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    8679                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                    1094                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    2050                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                    3527                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                    8683                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                    1097                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                    3000                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                    3627                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                    8726                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                    1100                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    2075                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                    3577                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                    8684                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_hits                    1103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_hits                    2879                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_hits                    3562                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_hits                    8670                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_hits                    1099                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_hits                    2044                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_hits                    3550                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_hits                    8691                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_hits                    1105                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_hits                    2076                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_hits                    3587                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_hits                    8700                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_hits                    1111                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_hits                    2055                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_hits                    3571                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_hits                    8683                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_hits                    1105                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_hits                    2049                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_hits                    3575                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_hits                    8681                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_hits                    1096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_hits                    2055                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_hits                    3537                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_hits                    8686                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_hits                    1110                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_hits                    2074                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_hits                    5348                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_hits                    8725                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_hits                    1111                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_hits                    2071                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_hits                    3568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_hits                    8703                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_hits                    1106                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_hits                    2056                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_hits                    3553                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_hits                    8654                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_hits                    1103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_hits                    2056                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_hits                    3563                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_hits                    8702                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_hits                    1120                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_hits                    2070                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_hits                    5357                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_hits                    8734                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_hits                    1105                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_hits                    2075                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_hits                    3556                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_hits                    8669                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_hits                    1093                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_hits                    3004                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_hits                    3573                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_hits                    8680                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_hits                    1088                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_hits                    2053                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_hits                    3555                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_hits                    8683                      
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_hits                    1119                      
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_hits                    2944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_hits                    3601                      
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_hits                    8697                      
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_hits                   1105                      
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_hits                   2070                      
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_hits                   3558                      
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_hits                   8687                      
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_hits                   1097                      
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_hits                   2052                      
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_hits                   3541                      
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_hits                   8679                      
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_hits                   1098                      
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_hits                   2058                      
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_hits                   3538                      
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_hits                   8701                      
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_hits                   1090                      
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_hits                   2086                      
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_hits                   5234                      
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_hits                   8719                      
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_hits                   2103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_hits                   2070                      
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_hits                   3567                      
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_hits                   8684                      
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                     40                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                     99                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    637                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   1770                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                     92                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                    116                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    395                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   1835                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                     45                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    122                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                   387                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  1282                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                    47                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   117                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                   421                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  2383                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                    37                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   113                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   362                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                  1252                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                   125                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   110                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   374                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  1261                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                    49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                   123                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                   389                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                  1273                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                    58                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                   126                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                   425                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                  1269                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                    55                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                   325                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                  1226                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                    52                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                   101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                   375                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                  1268                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_misses                    49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_misses                   369                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_misses                   390                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_misses                  1282                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_misses                    53                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_misses                   132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_misses                   402                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_misses                  1261                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_misses                    47                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_misses                   100                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_misses                   365                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_misses                  1252                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_misses                    41                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_misses                   121                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_misses                   381                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_misses                  1269                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_misses                    47                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_misses                   127                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_misses                   377                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_misses                  1271                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_misses                    56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_misses                   121                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_misses                   415                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_misses                  1266                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_misses                    42                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_misses                   102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_misses                   564                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_misses                  1227                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_misses                    41                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_misses                   105                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_misses                   384                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_misses                  1249                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_misses                    46                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_misses                   120                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_misses                   399                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_misses                  1298                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_misses                    49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_misses                   120                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_misses                   389                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_misses                  1250                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_misses                    32                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_misses                   106                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_misses                   555                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_misses                  1218                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_misses                    47                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_misses                   101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_misses                   396                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_misses                  1283                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_misses                    59                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_misses                   244                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_misses                   379                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_misses                  1272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_misses                    64                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_misses                   123                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_misses                   397                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_misses                  1269                      
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_misses                    33                      
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_misses                   304                      
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_misses                   351                      
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_misses                  1255                      
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_misses                   47                      
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_misses                  106                      
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_misses                  394                      
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_misses                 1265                      
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_misses                   55                      
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_misses                  124                      
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_misses                  411                      
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_misses                 1273                      
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_misses                   54                      
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_misses                  118                      
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_misses                  414                      
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_misses                 1251                      
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_misses                   62                      
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_misses                   90                      
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_misses                  678                      
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_misses                 1233                      
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_misses                  169                      
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_misses                  106                      
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_misses                  385                      
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_misses                 1268                      
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      722                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                      748                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     2435                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     5643                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     1139                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                      784                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     1537                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     5593                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                      707                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                      803                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                    1535                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                    3835                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                     673                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                     759                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    1517                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                    7595                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                     695                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                     723                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                    1554                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                    3816                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                    1134                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                     780                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                    1516                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                    3814                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                     726                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                     763                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                    1540                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                    3870                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                     711                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                     757                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                    1543                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                    3826                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                     710                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                    1261                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                    1530                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                    3807                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                     684                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                     766                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                    1558                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                    3837                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshrhits                     702                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshrhits                    1364                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshrhits                    1560                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshrhits                    3812                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshrhits                     695                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshrhits                     788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshrhits                    1477                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshrhits                    3804                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshrhits                     729                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshrhits                     765                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshrhits                    1555                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshrhits                    3792                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshrhits                     731                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshrhits                     784                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshrhits                    1512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshrhits                    3850                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshrhits                     712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshrhits                     783                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshrhits                    1523                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshrhits                    3827                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshrhits                     686                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshrhits                     770                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshrhits                    1515                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshrhits                    3785                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.mshrhits                     706                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.mshrhits                     799                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.mshrhits                    2361                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.mshrhits                    3802                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.mshrhits                     713                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.mshrhits                     766                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.mshrhits                    1550                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.mshrhits                    3821                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.mshrhits                     712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.mshrhits                     779                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.mshrhits                    1565                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.mshrhits                    3890                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.mshrhits                     711                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.mshrhits                     806                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.mshrhits                    1520                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.mshrhits                    3814                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.mshrhits                     737                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.mshrhits                     772                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.mshrhits                    2407                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.mshrhits                    3783                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.mshrhits                     724                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.mshrhits                     783                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.mshrhits                    1602                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.mshrhits                    3851                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.mshrhits                     732                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.mshrhits                    1299                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.mshrhits                    1555                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.mshrhits                    3883                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.mshrhits                     679                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.mshrhits                     755                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.mshrhits                    1479                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.mshrhits                    3817                      
system.ruby.lcacc_96.mshrhits                     725                      
system.ruby.lcacc_97.mshrhits                    1352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_98.mshrhits                    1598                      
system.ruby.lcacc_99.mshrhits                    3793                      
system.ruby.lcacc_100.mshrhits                    738                      
system.ruby.lcacc_101.mshrhits                    770                      
system.ruby.lcacc_102.mshrhits                   1556                      
system.ruby.lcacc_103.mshrhits                   3821                      
system.ruby.lcacc_104.mshrhits                    708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_105.mshrhits                    796                      
system.ruby.lcacc_106.mshrhits                   1521                      
system.ruby.lcacc_107.mshrhits                   3837                      
system.ruby.lcacc_108.mshrhits                    688                      
system.ruby.lcacc_109.mshrhits                    758                      
system.ruby.lcacc_110.mshrhits                   1500                      
system.ruby.lcacc_111.mshrhits                   3783                      
system.ruby.lcacc_112.mshrhits                    772                      
system.ruby.lcacc_113.mshrhits                    725                      
system.ruby.lcacc_114.mshrhits                   2461                      
system.ruby.lcacc_115.mshrhits                   3778                      
system.ruby.lcacc_116.mshrhits                   1623                      
system.ruby.lcacc_117.mshrhits                    749                      
system.ruby.lcacc_118.mshrhits                   1530                      
system.ruby.lcacc_119.mshrhits                   3798                      
system.ruby.lcacc_120.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_121.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_122.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_123.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_124.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_125.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_126.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_127.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                 1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                 2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                 5912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                14912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 1712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                 2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                 3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                14912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                 1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses                1151                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                1712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses                3248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_accesses                3248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_accesses                5912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_accesses                5912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_accesses                3248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_accesses                2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_accesses                1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_accesses                3248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_accesses                3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_accesses                9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_accesses               1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_accesses               2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_accesses               3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_accesses               9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_accesses               1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_accesses               2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_accesses               3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_accesses               9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_accesses               1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_accesses               2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_accesses               3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_accesses               9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_accesses               1152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_accesses               2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_accesses               5912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_accesses               9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_accesses               2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_accesses               2176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_accesses               3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_accesses               9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                   40334                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                   78972                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                  532127                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 1113107                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                   54085                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                   78071                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  458294                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 1097106                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                   39226                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                   73388                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                 465403                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                1079369                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                  43096                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                  72384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                 494274                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4296131710                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles             4295008768                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles             4295050729                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles             4295429239                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles             4296035515                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles             4295021184                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles             4295035906                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles             4295403235                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles             4296017133                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles             4295016165                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles             4295051776                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles             4295440432                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles             4296025358                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles             4295012924                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles             4295046203                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles             4295460480                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles             4296043039                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles             4295022702                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles             4295068008                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles             4295395376                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles             4296042262                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles             4295020381                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles             4295051710                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles             4295437982                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles             4296032114                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlbCycles             4295013871                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlbCycles             4295079419                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlbCycles             4295442198                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlbCycles             4296027929                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlbCycles             4295017194                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlbCycles             4295046361                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlbCycles             4295440953                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlbCycles             4296036892                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlbCycles             4295017917                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlbCycles             4295052326                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlbCycles             4295441295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlbCycles             4296052115                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlbCycles             4295015941                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlbCycles             4295051545                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlbCycles             4295420423                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlbCycles             4296023054                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlbCycles             4295016224                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlbCycles             4295038834                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlbCycles             4295439337                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlbCycles             4296018136                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlbCycles             4295016121                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlbCycles             4295038331                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlbCycles             4295465231                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlbCycles             4296022348                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlbCycles             4295015722                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlbCycles             4295040571                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlbCycles             4295435666                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlbCycles             4296043424                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlbCycles             4295019573                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlbCycles             4295050549                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlbCycles             4295421124                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlbCycles             4296009308                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlbCycles             4295018258                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlbCycles             4295051903                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlbCycles             4295447632                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlbCycles             4296046224                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlbCycles             4295016081                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlbCycles             4295043239                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlbCycles             4295433681                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlbCycles             4296055569                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlbCycles             4295020418                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlbCycles             4295051413                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlbCycles             4295438697                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlbCycles             4296020365                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlbCycles             4295021520                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlbCycles             4295052287                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlbCycles             4295423083                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlbCycles             4296053893                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlbCycles             4295011890                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlbCycles             4295065427                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlbCycles             4295452700                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlbCycles             4296038989                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlbCycles             4295025109                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlbCycles             4295044191                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlbCycles             4295448006                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlbCycles             4296034274                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlbCycles             4295018553                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlbCycles             4295098881                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlbCycles             4295420854                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlbCycles             4296031342                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlbCycles            4295019833                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlbCycles            4295053781                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlbCycles            4295413153                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlbCycles            4296055367                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlbCycles            4295011180                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlbCycles            4295045764                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlbCycles            4295455725                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlbCycles            4296017076                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlbCycles            4295020533                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlbCycles            4295042878                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlbCycles            4295452209                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlbCycles            4296015243                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlbCycles            4295004337                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlbCycles            4295046518                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlbCycles            4295498505                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlbCycles            4296010988                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlbCycles            4295032031                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlbCycles            4295044869                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlbCycles            4295415008                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlbCycles            4296059303                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                      48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    3248                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                    9080                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                      72                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    9080                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                      48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   2156                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   1072                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                     72                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                   2159                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                   1640                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_reads                   1640                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_reads                   2157                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_reads                   2173                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_reads                   2157                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_reads                   3248                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_reads                   2166                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_reads                   2170                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_reads                   3248                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_reads                   1640                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_reads                   2157                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_reads                   1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_reads                   2169                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_96.dma_reads                     48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_97.dma_reads                   1640                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_98.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_99.dma_reads                   6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_100.dma_reads                    48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_101.dma_reads                  1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_102.dma_reads                  2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_103.dma_reads                  6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_104.dma_reads                    48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_105.dma_reads                  1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_106.dma_reads                  2153                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_107.dma_reads                  6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_108.dma_reads                    48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_109.dma_reads                  1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_110.dma_reads                  2169                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_111.dma_reads                  6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_112.dma_reads                    48                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_113.dma_reads                  1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_114.dma_reads                  3248                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_115.dma_reads                  6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_116.dma_reads                    96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_117.dma_reads                  1104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_118.dma_reads                  2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_119.dma_reads                  6064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_120.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_121.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_122.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_123.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_124.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_125.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_126.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_127.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   2664                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   5832                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   1640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   5832                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  1796                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  1103                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                  1640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  1793                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                  1608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_writes                  1608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_writes                  1795                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_writes                  1779                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_writes                  1795                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_writes                  2664                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_writes                  1786                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_writes                  1782                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_writes                  2664                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_writes                  1608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_writes                  1795                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_writes                  1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_writes                  1783                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_96.dma_writes                  1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_97.dma_writes                  1608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_98.dma_writes                  1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_99.dma_writes                  3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_100.dma_writes                 1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_101.dma_writes                 1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_102.dma_writes                 1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_103.dma_writes                 3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_104.dma_writes                 1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_105.dma_writes                 1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_106.dma_writes                 1799                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_107.dma_writes                 3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_108.dma_writes                 1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_109.dma_writes                 1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_110.dma_writes                 1783                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_111.dma_writes                 3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_112.dma_writes                 1104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_113.dma_writes                 1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_114.dma_writes                 2664                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_115.dma_writes                 3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_116.dma_writes                 2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_117.dma_writes                 1072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_118.dma_writes                 1776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_119.dma_writes                 3888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_120.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_121.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_122.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_123.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_124.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_125.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_126.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_127.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                   45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 1053                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 2900                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 8028                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                   66                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 1040                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 1942                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 7938                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                   45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 1034                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                1924                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits                5272                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                  43                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                1017                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                1917                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               10610                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                1045                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                1969                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                5302                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                  64                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                1045                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                1956                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits                5289                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                1033                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits                1920                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                5274                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                  43                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                1035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                1917                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits                5284                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits                1511                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                1992                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits                5327                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                1047                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits                1956                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                5282                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readhits                1434                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readhits                1924                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readhits                5272                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readhits                  43                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readhits                1031                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readhits                1927                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readhits                5299                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readhits                1049                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readhits                1967                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readhits                5308                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readhits                1044                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readhits                1956                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readhits                5281                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readhits                1035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readhits                1932                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readhits                5283                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readhits                  43                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readhits                1031                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readhits                1925                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readhits                5294                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_readhits                1044                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_readhits                2930                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_readhits                5326                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_readhits                1044                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_readhits                1946                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_readhits                5289                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_readhits                1032                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_readhits                1920                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_readhits                5264                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_readhits                  43                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_readhits                1043                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_readhits                1930                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_readhits                5303                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_readhits                1046                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_readhits                2922                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_readhits                5335                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_readhits                1046                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_readhits                1940                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_readhits                5253                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_readhits                1501                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_readhits                1934                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_readhits                5272                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_readhits                  43                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_readhits                1045                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_readhits                1916                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_readhits                5286                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_readhits                  45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_readhits                1483                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_readhits                1981                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_readhits                5294                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_readhits                 45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_readhits               1049                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_readhits               1942                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_readhits               5282                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_readhits                 45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_readhits               1033                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_readhits               1910                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_readhits               5275                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_readhits                 43                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_readhits               1038                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_readhits               1926                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_readhits               5296                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_readhits                 45                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_readhits               1061                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_readhits               2867                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_readhits               5325                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_readhits                 91                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_readhits               1044                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_readhits               1939                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_readhits               5282                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                  3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                 51                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                348                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               1052                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                  6                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                 64                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                234                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               1142                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                  3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                 70                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               232                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               792                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses                 5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses                55                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               259                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              1486                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses                59                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               207                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses               762                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                 8                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses                59                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               220                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               775                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses                71                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               239                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               790                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses                 5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses                69                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses               259                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses               780                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               129                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses               184                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses               737                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses                57                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses               220                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses               782                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readmisses               206                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readmisses               233                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readmisses               792                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readmisses                 5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readmisses                73                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readmisses               246                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readmisses               765                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readmisses                55                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readmisses               209                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readmisses               756                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readmisses                60                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readmisses               220                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readmisses               783                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readmisses                69                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readmisses               225                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readmisses               781                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readmisses                 5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readmisses                73                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readmisses               251                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readmisses               770                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_readmisses                60                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_readmisses               318                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_readmisses               738                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_readmisses                60                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_readmisses               230                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_readmisses               775                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_readmisses                72                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_readmisses               246                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_readmisses               800                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_readmisses                 5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_readmisses                61                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_readmisses               240                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_readmisses               761                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_readmisses                58                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_readmisses               326                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_readmisses               729                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_readmisses                58                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_readmisses               236                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_readmisses               811                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_readmisses               139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_readmisses               223                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_readmisses               792                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_readmisses                 5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_readmisses                59                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_readmisses               253                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_readmisses               778                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_readmisses                 3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_readmisses               157                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_readmisses               195                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_readmisses               770                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_readmisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_readmisses               55                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_readmisses              234                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_readmisses              782                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_readmisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_readmisses               71                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_readmisses              243                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_readmisses              789                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_readmisses                5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_readmisses               66                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_readmisses              243                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_readmisses              768                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_readmisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_readmisses               43                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_readmisses              381                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_readmisses              739                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_readmisses                5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_readmisses               60                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_readmisses              237                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_readmisses              782                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                1067                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                1024                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                2375                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                5114                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                1554                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                1020                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                1615                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                5139                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                1062                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                1020                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               1641                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               3398                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               1062                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               1042                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               1614                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               6879                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               1069                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               1018                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               1621                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               3398                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits               1523                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               1021                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               1622                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               3402                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               1058                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               1020                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               1643                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               3405                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               1051                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               1015                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits               1610                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               3399                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               1052                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               1489                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               1635                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits               3399                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               1055                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               1028                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits               1621                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               3402                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writehits               1058                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writehits               1445                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writehits               1638                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writehits               3398                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writehits               1056                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writehits               1013                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writehits               1623                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writehits               3392                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writehits               1060                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writehits               1027                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writehits               1620                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writehits               3392                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writehits               1066                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writehits               1011                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writehits               1615                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writehits               3402                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writehits               1060                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writehits               1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writehits               1643                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writehits               3398                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writehits               1053                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writehits               1024                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writehits               1612                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writehits               3392                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_writehits               1065                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_writehits               1030                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_writehits               2418                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_writehits               3399                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_writehits               1066                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_writehits               1027                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_writehits               1622                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_writehits               3414                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_writehits               1061                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_writehits               1024                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_writehits               1633                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_writehits               3390                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_writehits               1060                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_writehits               1013                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_writehits               1633                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_writehits               3399                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_writehits               1075                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_writehits               1024                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_writehits               2435                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_writehits               3399                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_writehits               1060                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_writehits               1029                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_writehits               1616                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_writehits               3416                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_writehits               1048                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_writehits               1503                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_writehits               1639                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_writehits               3408                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_writehits               1045                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_writehits               1008                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_writehits               1639                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_writehits               3397                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_writehits               1074                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_writehits               1461                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_writehits               1620                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_writehits               3403                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_writehits              1060                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_writehits              1021                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_writehits              1616                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_writehits              3405                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_writehits              1052                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_writehits              1019                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_writehits              1631                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_writehits              3404                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_writehits              1055                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_writehits              1020                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_writehits              1612                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_writehits              3405                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_writehits              1045                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_writehits              1025                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_writehits              2367                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_writehits              3394                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_writehits              2012                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_writehits              1026                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_writehits              1628                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_writehits              3402                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses                37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                48                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               289                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               718                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                86                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                52                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               161                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               693                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                42                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses                52                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses              155                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses              490                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses               42                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               62                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses              162                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              897                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses               34                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses               54                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              155                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses              490                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses              117                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses               51                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses              154                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses              486                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses               46                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses               52                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses              150                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses              483                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses               53                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses               57                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses              166                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses              489                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses               52                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses              119                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses              141                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses              489                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses               49                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses               44                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses              155                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses              486                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writemisses               46                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writemisses              163                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writemisses              157                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writemisses              490                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writemisses               48                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writemisses               59                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writemisses              156                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writemisses              496                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writemisses               44                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writemisses               45                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writemisses              156                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writemisses              496                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writemisses               38                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writemisses               61                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writemisses              161                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writemisses              486                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writemisses               44                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writemisses               58                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writemisses              152                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writemisses              490                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writemisses               51                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writemisses               48                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writemisses              164                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writemisses              496                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_writemisses               39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_writemisses               42                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_writemisses              246                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_writemisses              489                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_writemisses               38                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_writemisses               45                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_writemisses              154                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_writemisses              474                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_writemisses               43                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_writemisses               48                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_writemisses              153                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_writemisses              498                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_writemisses               44                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_writemisses               59                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_writemisses              149                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_writemisses              489                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_writemisses               29                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_writemisses               48                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_writemisses              229                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_writemisses              489                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_writemisses               44                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_writemisses               43                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_writemisses              160                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_writemisses              472                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_writemisses               56                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_writemisses              105                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_writemisses              156                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_writemisses              480                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_writemisses               59                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_writemisses               64                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_writemisses              144                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_writemisses              491                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_writemisses               30                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_writemisses              147                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_writemisses              156                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_writemisses              485                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_writemisses              44                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_writemisses              51                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_writemisses             160                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_writemisses             483                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_writemisses              52                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_writemisses              53                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_writemisses             168                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_writemisses             484                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_writemisses              49                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_writemisses              52                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_writemisses             171                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_writemisses             483                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_writemisses              59                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_writemisses              47                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_writemisses             297                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_writemisses             494                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_writemisses             164                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_writemisses              46                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_writemisses             148                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_writemisses             486                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                       3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_jobs                       3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_64.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_65.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_66.num_jobs                       3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_67.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_68.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_69.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_70.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_71.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_72.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_73.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_74.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_75.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_76.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_77.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_78.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_79.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_80.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_81.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_82.num_jobs                       3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_83.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_84.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_85.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_86.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_87.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_88.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_89.num_jobs                       3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_90.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_91.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_92.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_93.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_94.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_95.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_96.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_97.num_jobs                       3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_98.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_99.num_jobs                       2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_100.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_101.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_102.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_103.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_104.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_105.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_106.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_107.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_108.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_109.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_110.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_111.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_112.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_113.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_114.num_jobs                      3                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_115.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_116.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_117.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_118.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_119.num_jobs                      2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_120.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_121.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_122.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_123.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_124.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_125.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_126.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_127.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 201133                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 245777                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 781140                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                1533810                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 218680                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 268086                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 726443                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1545382                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                 200922                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 248882                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                701014                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               1443676                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                201468                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles                232459                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                743457                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               1637958                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles                182779                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles                252594                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles                705855                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               1425262                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                213827                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles                258073                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles                693678                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               1427846                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                192061                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                255420                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles                716462                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1447402                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles                197349                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                246652                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                744185                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               1442890                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles                192465                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles                264963                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles                674234                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles               1431912                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles                192965                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles                252904                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles                694581                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles               1441503                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.job_cycles                191127                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.job_cycles                292016                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.job_cycles                737420                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.job_cycles               1436722                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.job_cycles                202554                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.job_cycles                242916                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.job_cycles                733100                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.job_cycles               1436489                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.job_cycles                193018                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.job_cycles                232850                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.job_cycles                698331                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.job_cycles               1448653                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.job_cycles                192856                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.job_cycles                237533                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.job_cycles                704878                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.job_cycles               1450124                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.job_cycles                192907                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.job_cycles                247344                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.job_cycles                712245                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.job_cycles               1436188                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.job_cycles                201731                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.job_cycles                264934                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.job_cycles                744167                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.job_cycles               1431356                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_64.job_cycles                202472                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_65.job_cycles                262540                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_66.job_cycles                749275                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_67.job_cycles               1447925                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_68.job_cycles                202594                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_69.job_cycles                250875                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_70.job_cycles                707130                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_71.job_cycles               1450605                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_72.job_cycles                199184                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_73.job_cycles                250120                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_74.job_cycles                731659                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_75.job_cycles               1447981                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_76.job_cycles                202355                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_77.job_cycles                241245                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_78.job_cycles                732335                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_79.job_cycles               1447219                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_80.job_cycles                201938                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_81.job_cycles                257883                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_82.job_cycles                755891                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_83.job_cycles               1449466                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_84.job_cycles                195262                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_85.job_cycles                255394                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_86.job_cycles                727073                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_87.job_cycles               1451545                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_88.job_cycles                199739                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_89.job_cycles                279760                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_90.job_cycles                728960                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_91.job_cycles               1447960                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_92.job_cycles                202343                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_93.job_cycles                247781                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_94.job_cycles                742007                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_95.job_cycles               1447968                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_96.job_cycles                201281                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_97.job_cycles                295821                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_98.job_cycles                719299                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_99.job_cycles               1452571                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_100.job_cycles               202506                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_101.job_cycles               258380                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_102.job_cycles               720428                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_103.job_cycles              1450790                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_104.job_cycles               198467                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_105.job_cycles               252776                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_106.job_cycles               710831                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_107.job_cycles              1440523                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_108.job_cycles               198464                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_109.job_cycles               249811                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_110.job_cycles               738660                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_111.job_cycles              1442283                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_112.job_cycles               151282                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_113.job_cycles               254855                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_114.job_cycles               781813                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_115.job_cycles              1435053                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_116.job_cycles               199285                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_117.job_cycles               243335                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_118.job_cycles               715711                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_119.job_cycles              1442938                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_120.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_121.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_122.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_123.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_124.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_125.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_126.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_127.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                      48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                      72                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      24                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                      32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                      72                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                     24                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                     24                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_tasks                     24                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_64.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_65.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_66.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_67.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_68.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_69.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_70.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_71.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_72.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_73.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_74.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_75.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_76.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_77.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_78.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_79.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_80.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_81.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_82.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_83.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_84.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_85.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_86.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_87.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_88.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_89.num_tasks                     24                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_90.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_91.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_92.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_93.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_94.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_95.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_96.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_97.num_tasks                     24                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_98.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_99.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_100.num_tasks                    16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_101.num_tasks                    16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_102.num_tasks                    32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_103.num_tasks                    48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_104.num_tasks                    16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_105.num_tasks                    16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_106.num_tasks                    32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_107.num_tasks                    48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_108.num_tasks                    16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_109.num_tasks                    16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_110.num_tasks                    32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_111.num_tasks                    48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_112.num_tasks                    16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_113.num_tasks                    16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_114.num_tasks                    48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_115.num_tasks                    48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_116.num_tasks                    32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_117.num_tasks                    16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_118.num_tasks                    32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_119.num_tasks                    48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_120.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_121.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_122.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_123.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_124.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_125.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_126.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_127.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                 22467                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                 76785                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                752194                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1455302                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                 66688                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                168195                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                698791                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1467955                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles                 28382                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                133804                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles               656749                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1376390                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles                30655                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles                89271                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               729473                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1548472                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles                 7637                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles               118578                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles               678523                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              1350138                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                17659                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles               140076                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles               642973                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              1360680                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles                11034                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles               121959                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles               687395                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1379209                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles                25565                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               108802                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles               734205                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              1374058                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles                 7422                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles                47376                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles               638247                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles              1368396                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles                 7864                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles                50044                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles               659222                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles              1364986                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_cycles                10197                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_cycles                80682                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_cycles               711971                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_cycles              1370956                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_cycles                14238                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_cycles                51920                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_cycles               710798                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_cycles              1372522                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_cycles                 7609                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_cycles                64639                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_cycles               668822                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_cycles              1384557                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_cycles                 7904                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_cycles                35247                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_cycles               665431                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_cycles              1385394                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_cycles                11275                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_cycles                63132                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_cycles               674795                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_cycles              1364811                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_cycles                20717                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_cycles               123866                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_cycles               732057                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_cycles              1363742                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.read_cycles                11080                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.read_cycles                96334                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.read_cycles               713142                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.read_cycles              1378448                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.read_cycles                 9777                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.read_cycles                98077                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.read_cycles               658732                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.read_cycles              1387622                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.read_cycles                 9890                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.read_cycles                79926                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.read_cycles               706230                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.read_cycles              1383601                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.read_cycles                 9953                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.read_cycles               112195                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.read_cycles               708386                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.read_cycles              1377537                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_80.read_cycles                 8921                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_81.read_cycles                69089                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_82.read_cycles               717172                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_83.read_cycles              1380817                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_84.read_cycles                 9025                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_85.read_cycles               136949                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_86.read_cycles               697237                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_87.read_cycles              1396481                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_88.read_cycles                 7704                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_89.read_cycles                79275                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_90.read_cycles               697315                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_91.read_cycles              1378395                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_92.read_cycles                12710                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_93.read_cycles               104285                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_94.read_cycles               722850                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_95.read_cycles              1379255                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_96.read_cycles                 8985                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_97.read_cycles               122814                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_98.read_cycles               692424                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_99.read_cycles              1411316                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_100.read_cycles                8827                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_101.read_cycles               64865                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_102.read_cycles              694368                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_103.read_cycles             1388985                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_104.read_cycles               10629                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_105.read_cycles               65383                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_106.read_cycles              676021                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_107.read_cycles             1369887                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_108.read_cycles               17095                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_109.read_cycles               90854                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_110.read_cycles              724055                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_111.read_cycles             1375937                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_112.read_cycles                6545                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_113.read_cycles               72095                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_114.read_cycles              756847                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_115.read_cycles             1370568                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_116.read_cycles               23316                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_117.read_cycles              112551                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_118.read_cycles              681249                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_119.read_cycles             1379685                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_120.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_121.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_122.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_123.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_124.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_125.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_126.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_127.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles              26179                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles              80217                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles              45888                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles              95184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              35523                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles              81425                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles              30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles              95184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles              25384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              80254                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles             26098                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles             79191                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles             27826                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles             90837                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles             43371                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles             78864                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             26977                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles             85956                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles             25854                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles             90579                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles             28101                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles            169402                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles             28557                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles             98352                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_cycles             28781                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_cycles            156250                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_cycles             28396                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_cycles            101556                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_cycles             27787                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_cycles            105375                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_cycles             28702                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_cycles             97792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_cycles             29040                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_cycles             96501                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_cycles             27879                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_cycles             81447                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.compute_cycles             26814                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.compute_cycles             86358                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.compute_cycles             46076                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.compute_cycles             26717                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.compute_cycles             83797                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.compute_cycles             28443                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.compute_cycles             83779                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.compute_cycles             26737                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.compute_cycles             92809                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_80.compute_cycles             26950                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_81.compute_cycles             86131                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_82.compute_cycles             45888                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_83.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_84.compute_cycles             27154                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_85.compute_cycles             87784                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_86.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_87.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_88.compute_cycles             28375                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_89.compute_cycles            152207                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_90.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_91.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_92.compute_cycles             28379                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_93.compute_cycles             96694                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_94.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_95.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_96.compute_cycles             26278                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_97.compute_cycles            136021                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_98.compute_cycles             30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_99.compute_cycles             63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_100.compute_cycles            26872                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_101.compute_cycles            91455                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_102.compute_cycles            30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_103.compute_cycles            63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_104.compute_cycles            27904                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_105.compute_cycles            93070                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_106.compute_cycles            30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_107.compute_cycles            63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_108.compute_cycles            27831                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_109.compute_cycles            92485                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_110.compute_cycles            30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_111.compute_cycles            63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_112.compute_cycles            26179                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_113.compute_cycles            86026                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_114.compute_cycles            45888                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_115.compute_cycles            63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_116.compute_cycles            51440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_117.compute_cycles            85647                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_118.compute_cycles            30592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_119.compute_cycles            63456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_120.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_121.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_122.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_123.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_124.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_125.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_126.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_127.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               419499                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               415752                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               489024                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               685465                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               442743                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               365768                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               415062                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               714976                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               420285                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               347010                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              415967                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              669416                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              419204                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              369254                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              482088                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              717514                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              391503                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles              405072                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              426027                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              663950                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles              424501                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              400193                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles              379442                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              659790                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              389891                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles              424683                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              431432                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles              689162                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              400929                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              375955                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles              476620                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              677845                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles              400979                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles              419002                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles              400216                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles              648647                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles              398847                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles              439569                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles              412282                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles              646847                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_cycles              386232                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_cycles              445636                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_cycles              440736                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_cycles              660619                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_cycles              421635                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_cycles              410895                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_cycles              432804                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_cycles              653106                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_cycles              420070                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_cycles              381356                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_cycles              421494                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_cycles              670781                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_cycles              416295                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_cycles              428181                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_cycles              418632                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_cycles              672563                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_cycles              396855                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_cycles              383112                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_cycles              417392                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_cycles              674341                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_cycles              406006                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_cycles              411309                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_cycles              495035                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_cycles              673021                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.write_cycles              435130                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.write_cycles              412262                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.write_cycles              485733                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.write_cycles              650771                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.write_cycles              435497                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.write_cycles              407308                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.write_cycles              384982                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.write_cycles              673231                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.write_cycles              426246                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.write_cycles              393146                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.write_cycles              456341                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.write_cycles              669034                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.write_cycles              436653                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.write_cycles              344826                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.write_cycles              469984                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.write_cycles              662380                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_80.write_cycles              435898                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_81.write_cycles              453193                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_82.write_cycles              439904                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_83.write_cycles              664369                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_84.write_cycles              433008                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_85.write_cycles              396046                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_86.write_cycles              411364                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_87.write_cycles              674381                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_88.write_cycles              438080                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_89.write_cycles              411671                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_90.write_cycles              448107                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_91.write_cycles              666113                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_92.write_cycles              429594                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_93.write_cycles              357226                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_94.write_cycles              431275                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_95.write_cycles              673632                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_96.write_cycles              441599                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_97.write_cycles              484778                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_98.write_cycles              428532                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_99.write_cycles              669941                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_100.write_cycles             447563                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_101.write_cycles             444953                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_102.write_cycles             405724                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_103.write_cycles             658450                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_104.write_cycles             430929                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_105.write_cycles             417308                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_106.write_cycles             427532                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_107.write_cycles             664320                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_108.write_cycles             385437                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_109.write_cycles             393611                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_110.write_cycles             490971                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_111.write_cycles             639597                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_112.write_cycles             313220                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_113.write_cycles             432332                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_114.write_cycles             488026                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_115.write_cycles             635822                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_116.write_cycles             397568                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_117.write_cycles             370526                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_118.write_cycles             377493                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_119.write_cycles             674776                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_120.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_121.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_122.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_123.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_124.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_125.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_126.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_127.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time            22467                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time            76785                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           752194                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1455302                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time            66688                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           168195                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           698791                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1467955                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time            28382                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           133804                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time          656749                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1376390                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time           30655                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time           89271                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          729473                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1548472                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time            7637                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time          118578                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time          678523                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         1350138                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time           17659                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time          140076                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time          642973                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         1360680                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time           11034                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time          121959                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time          687395                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1379209                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time           25565                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          108802                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time          734205                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         1374058                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time            7422                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time           47376                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time          638247                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time         1368396                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time            7864                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time           50044                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time          659222                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time         1364986                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_action_time           10197                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_action_time           80682                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_action_time          711971                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_action_time         1370956                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_action_time           14238                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_action_time           51920                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_action_time          710798                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_action_time         1372522                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_action_time            7609                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_action_time           64639                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_action_time          668822                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_action_time         1384557                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_action_time            7904                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_action_time           35247                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_action_time          665431                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_action_time         1385394                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_action_time           11275                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_action_time           63132                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_action_time          674795                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_action_time         1364811                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_action_time           20717                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_action_time          123866                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_action_time          732057                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_action_time         1363742                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.read_action_time           11080                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.read_action_time           96334                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.read_action_time          713142                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.read_action_time         1378448                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.read_action_time            9777                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.read_action_time           98077                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.read_action_time          658732                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.read_action_time         1387622                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.read_action_time            9890                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.read_action_time           79926                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.read_action_time          706230                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.read_action_time         1383601                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.read_action_time            9953                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.read_action_time          112195                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.read_action_time          708386                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.read_action_time         1377537                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.read_action_time            8921                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.read_action_time           69089                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.read_action_time          717172                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.read_action_time         1380817                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.read_action_time            9025                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.read_action_time          136949                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.read_action_time          697237                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.read_action_time         1396481                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.read_action_time            7704                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.read_action_time           79275                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.read_action_time          697315                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.read_action_time         1378395                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.read_action_time           12710                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.read_action_time          104285                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.read_action_time          722850                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.read_action_time         1379255                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_96.read_action_time            8985                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_97.read_action_time          122814                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_98.read_action_time          692424                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_99.read_action_time         1411316                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_100.read_action_time           8827                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_101.read_action_time          64865                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_102.read_action_time         694368                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_103.read_action_time        1388985                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_104.read_action_time          10629                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_105.read_action_time          65383                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_106.read_action_time         676021                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_107.read_action_time        1369887                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_108.read_action_time          17095                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_109.read_action_time          90854                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_110.read_action_time         724055                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_111.read_action_time        1375937                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_112.read_action_time           6545                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_113.read_action_time          72095                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_114.read_action_time         756847                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_115.read_action_time        1370568                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_116.read_action_time          23316                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_117.read_action_time         112551                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_118.read_action_time         681249                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_119.read_action_time        1379685                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_120.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_121.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_122.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_123.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_124.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_125.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_126.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_127.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time         17856                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time         67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time         45888                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time         95184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         27264                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time         67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time         30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time         95184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time         17856                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time        17856                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time        17736                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time        26664                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        17717                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time        17904                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time        17616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time       101376                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time        17736                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_action_time        17616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_action_time       101376                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_action_time        17619                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_action_time        17736                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_action_time        17639                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_action_time        17616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_action_time        17757                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.compute_action_time        17736                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.compute_action_time        45736                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.compute_action_time        17736                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.compute_action_time        17616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.compute_action_time        17736                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.compute_action_time        17736                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.compute_action_time        45888                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.compute_action_time        17736                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.compute_action_time        17616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.compute_action_time       101376                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.compute_action_time        17616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_96.compute_action_time        17736                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_97.compute_action_time       101376                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_98.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_99.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_100.compute_action_time        17736                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_101.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_102.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_103.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_104.compute_action_time        17616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_105.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_106.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_107.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_108.compute_action_time        17736                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_109.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_110.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_111.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_112.compute_action_time        17616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_113.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_114.compute_action_time        45888                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_115.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_116.compute_action_time        35961                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_117.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_118.compute_action_time        30592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_119.compute_action_time        63456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_120.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_121.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_122.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_123.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_124.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_125.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_126.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_127.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          185818                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          199093                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          482426                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          685465                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          200612                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          206366                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          415062                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          714976                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          182620                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          211022                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         415967                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         669416                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         182781                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         184046                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         482088                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         717514                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         171674                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time         212668                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         426027                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         663950                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time         191264                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         217934                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time         379442                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         659790                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         178538                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time         212480                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         431432                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time         689162                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         178766                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         203785                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time         476620                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         677845                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time         182121                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time         205233                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time         400216                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time         648647                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time         182367                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time         208512                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time         411401                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time         646847                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_action_time         177507                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_action_time         214935                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_action_time         440736                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_action_time         660619                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_action_time         185062                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_action_time         187874                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_action_time         432804                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_action_time         653106                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_action_time         183421                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_action_time         196582                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_action_time         421494                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_action_time         670781                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_action_time         181476                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_action_time         196522                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_action_time         418632                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_action_time         672563                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_action_time         177928                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_action_time         186121                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_action_time         417392                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_action_time         674341                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_action_time         179916                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_action_time         204250                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_action_time         492666                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_action_time         673021                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.write_action_time         189986                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.write_action_time         194916                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.write_action_time         431734                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.write_action_time         650771                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.write_action_time         191396                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.write_action_time         210119                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.write_action_time         384982                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.write_action_time         673231                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.write_action_time         185966                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.write_action_time         201796                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.write_action_time         456341                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.write_action_time         669034                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.write_action_time         190358                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.write_action_time         195976                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.write_action_time         469984                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.write_action_time         662380                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.write_action_time         191443                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.write_action_time         208167                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.write_action_time         431023                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.write_action_time         664369                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.write_action_time         184635                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.write_action_time         213868                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.write_action_time         411364                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.write_action_time         674381                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.write_action_time         188872                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.write_action_time         206311                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.write_action_time         448107                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.write_action_time         666113                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.write_action_time         186365                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.write_action_time         188200                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.write_action_time         431275                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.write_action_time         673632                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_96.write_action_time         190918                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_97.write_action_time         233426                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_98.write_action_time         428532                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_99.write_action_time         669941                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_100.write_action_time        192112                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_101.write_action_time        201255                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_102.write_action_time        405724                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_103.write_action_time        658450                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_104.write_action_time        184663                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_105.write_action_time        205596                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_106.write_action_time        427532                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_107.write_action_time        664320                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_108.write_action_time        179131                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_109.write_action_time        197811                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_110.write_action_time        490971                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_111.write_action_time        639597                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_112.write_action_time        142567                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_113.write_action_time        201978                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_114.write_action_time        481729                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_115.write_action_time        635822                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_116.write_action_time        182160                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_117.write_action_time        196677                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_118.write_action_time        377493                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_119.write_action_time        674776                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_120.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_121.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_122.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_123.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_124.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_125.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_126.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_127.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             198296                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             241553                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             776101                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            1521912                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             216735                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             264317                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             722619                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1533484                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time             198671                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             242244                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time            697190                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           1435744                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            198672                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time            227215                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            739633                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           1622094                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time            178318                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time            246184                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time            702031                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           1417330                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time            207181                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time            258073                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time            689854                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           1419914                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            188835                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time            253578                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time            712638                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1439470                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time            193851                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            237768                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time            740361                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           1434958                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time            188681                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time            246177                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time            670410                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time           1423980                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time            188588                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time            243640                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time            690757                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time           1433571                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.rw_action_time            186799                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.rw_action_time            272508                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.rw_action_time            733596                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.rw_action_time           1428790                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.rw_action_time            198361                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.rw_action_time            236798                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.rw_action_time            729276                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.rw_action_time           1428557                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.rw_action_time            189365                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.rw_action_time            222552                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.rw_action_time            694507                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.rw_action_time           1440721                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.rw_action_time            188421                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.rw_action_time            229230                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.rw_action_time            701054                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.rw_action_time           1442192                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.rw_action_time            188544                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.rw_action_time            238820                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.rw_action_time            708421                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.rw_action_time           1428256                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.rw_action_time            198296                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.rw_action_time            259705                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.rw_action_time            740343                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.rw_action_time           1423424                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.rw_action_time            199149                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.rw_action_time            256054                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.rw_action_time            744370                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.rw_action_time           1439993                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.rw_action_time            199325                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.rw_action_time            244648                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.rw_action_time            703306                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.rw_action_time           1442673                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.rw_action_time            194993                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.rw_action_time            242894                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.rw_action_time            727835                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.rw_action_time           1440049                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.rw_action_time            198918                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.rw_action_time            232159                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.rw_action_time            728511                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.rw_action_time           1439287                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.rw_action_time            198460                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.rw_action_time            255398                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.rw_action_time            750155                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.rw_action_time           1441534                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.rw_action_time            191771                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.rw_action_time            249528                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.rw_action_time            723249                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.rw_action_time           1443613                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.rw_action_time            195673                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.rw_action_time            261618                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.rw_action_time            725136                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.rw_action_time           1440028                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.rw_action_time            198168                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.rw_action_time            237903                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.rw_action_time            738183                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.rw_action_time           1440036                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_96.rw_action_time            198407                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_97.rw_action_time            285063                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_98.rw_action_time            715475                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_99.rw_action_time           1444639                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_100.rw_action_time           199065                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_101.rw_action_time           256388                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_102.rw_action_time           716604                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_103.rw_action_time          1442858                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_104.rw_action_time           194511                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_105.rw_action_time           245496                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_106.rw_action_time           707007                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_107.rw_action_time          1432591                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_108.rw_action_time           194363                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_109.rw_action_time           243598                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_110.rw_action_time           734836                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_111.rw_action_time          1434351                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_112.rw_action_time           148219                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_113.rw_action_time           252577                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_114.rw_action_time           777435                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_115.rw_action_time          1427121                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_116.rw_action_time           195694                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_117.rw_action_time           238411                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_118.rw_action_time           711887                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_119.rw_action_time          1435006                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_120.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_121.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_122.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_123.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_124.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_125.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_126.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_127.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               848                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles              5195                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1533                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles              4243                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              1506                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles              3223                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1541                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles              776                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles              344                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles              420                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles              376                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles             4544                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles              434                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles              501                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles              647                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles             5672                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_busy_cycles              461                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_busy_cycles             4184                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_busy_cycles              522                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_busy_cycles             5581                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_busy_cycles              484                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_busy_cycles              540                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_busy_cycles             5768                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_busy_cycles              465                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_busy_cycles             4794                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_busy_cycles              547                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_busy_cycles             5592                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_busy_cycles              770                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_busy_cycles              802                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_busy_cycles             5767                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_busy_cycles              599                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_busy_cycles             5319                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_busy_cycles              644                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_busy_cycles             5640                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_busy_cycles              636                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_busy_cycles              670                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_busy_cycles             5827                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_busy_cycles              680                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_busy_cycles             5065                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_busy_cycles              671                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_96.dma_busy_cycles              850                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_97.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_98.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_99.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_100.dma_busy_cycles             885                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_101.dma_busy_cycles            5802                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_102.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_103.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_104.dma_busy_cycles             740                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_105.dma_busy_cycles            5024                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_106.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_107.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_108.dma_busy_cycles             704                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_109.dma_busy_cycles            5650                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_110.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_111.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_112.dma_busy_cycles             612                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_113.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_114.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_115.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_116.dma_busy_cycles           11303                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_117.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_118.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_119.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_120.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_121.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_122.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_123.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_124.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_125.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_126.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_127.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         110658081                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         110773960                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         110943703                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         111378544                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         110657446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         110773956                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         110943699                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         111378540                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         110657446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         110773962                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        110943705                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        111378546                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        110657681                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        110773958                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        110943701                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        111378542                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        110658445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        110773966                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        110943710                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        111378551                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        110658390                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        110773962                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        110943706                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        111378547                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        110658442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        110773979                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        110943722                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        111378563                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        110658398                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        110773974                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        110943718                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        111378559                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        110658389                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        110773983                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        110943727                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles        111378568                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles        110658252                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        110773980                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        110943723                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        111378564                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_idle_cycles        110658401                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_idle_cycles        110773976                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_idle_cycles        110943719                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_idle_cycles        111378560                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_idle_cycles        110658391                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_idle_cycles        110773983                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_idle_cycles        110943725                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_idle_cycles        111378566                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_idle_cycles        110658453                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_idle_cycles        110773995                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_idle_cycles        110943739                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_idle_cycles        111378580                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_idle_cycles        110658393                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_idle_cycles        110773992                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_idle_cycles        110943735                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_idle_cycles        111378576                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_idle_cycles        110658441                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_idle_cycles        110773988                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_idle_cycles        110943731                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_idle_cycles        111378572                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_idle_cycles        110658386                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_idle_cycles        110773985                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_idle_cycles        110943727                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_idle_cycles        111378568                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_idle_cycles        110658247                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_idle_cycles        110773992                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_idle_cycles        110943736                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_idle_cycles        111378577                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_idle_cycles        110658264                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_idle_cycles        110773999                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_idle_cycles        110943742                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_idle_cycles        111378583                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_idle_cycles        110658451                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_idle_cycles        110774005                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_idle_cycles        110943748                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_idle_cycles        111378589                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_idle_cycles        110658426                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_idle_cycles        110774002                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_idle_cycles        110943744                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_idle_cycles        111378585                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_idle_cycles        110658457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_idle_cycles        110774009                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_idle_cycles        110943753                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_idle_cycles        111378594                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_idle_cycles        110658432                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_idle_cycles        110774016                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_idle_cycles        110943759                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_idle_cycles        111378600                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_idle_cycles        110658399                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_idle_cycles        110774007                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_idle_cycles        110943750                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_idle_cycles        111378591                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_idle_cycles        110658429                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_idle_cycles        110774002                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_idle_cycles        110943746                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_idle_cycles        111378587                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_96.dma_idle_cycles        110658322                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_97.dma_idle_cycles        110774011                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_98.dma_idle_cycles        110943755                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_99.dma_idle_cycles        111378596                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_100.dma_idle_cycles       110658343                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_101.dma_idle_cycles       110774018                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_102.dma_idle_cycles       110943761                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_103.dma_idle_cycles       111378602                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_104.dma_idle_cycles       110658382                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_105.dma_idle_cycles       110774009                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_106.dma_idle_cycles       110943752                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_107.dma_idle_cycles       111378593                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_108.dma_idle_cycles       110658353                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_109.dma_idle_cycles       110774007                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_110.dma_idle_cycles       110943749                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_111.dma_idle_cycles       111378590                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_112.dma_idle_cycles       110658489                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_113.dma_idle_cycles       110774013                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_114.dma_idle_cycles       110943757                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_115.dma_idle_cycles       111378598                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_116.dma_idle_cycles       110658459                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_117.dma_idle_cycles       110774009                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_118.dma_idle_cycles       110943753                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_119.dma_idle_cycles       111378594                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_120.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_121.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_122.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_123.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_124.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_125.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_126.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_127.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          1612160                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          1643616                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          1885919                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2297847                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          1629755                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          1657589                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          1866850                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          1541151                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          1608158                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          1634247                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         1836208                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2206457                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         1608633                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         1638828                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         1879851                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2302038                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         1613652                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         1633791                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         1869231                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2198599                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         1629376                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         1653806                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         1833769                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         2191388                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         1613404                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         1639267                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         1846557                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         2206676                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         1603424                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         1628874                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles         1876501                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         2208594                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles         1616245                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles         1655730                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles         1800597                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles         2200749                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles         1615002                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles         1632142                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles         1839774                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles         2205035                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_stall_cycles         1615096                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_stall_cycles         1653299                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_stall_cycles         1876970                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_stall_cycles         2202728                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_stall_cycles         1611868                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_stall_cycles         1639992                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_stall_cycles         1869928                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_stall_cycles         2203439                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_stall_cycles         1620557                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_stall_cycles         1637653                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_stall_cycles         1852462                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_stall_cycles         2186045                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_stall_cycles         1614606                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_stall_cycles         1627747                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_stall_cycles         1851220                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_stall_cycles         2212917                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_stall_cycles         1612130                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_stall_cycles         1643583                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_stall_cycles         1845547                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_stall_cycles         2203936                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_stall_cycles         1606758                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_stall_cycles         1656417                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_stall_cycles         1875180                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_stall_cycles         2183458                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_stall_cycles         1616707                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_stall_cycles         1622362                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_stall_cycles         1888055                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_stall_cycles         2212079                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_stall_cycles         1608690                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_stall_cycles         1637705                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_stall_cycles         1847055                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_stall_cycles         2214355                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_stall_cycles         1613718                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_stall_cycles         1638589                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_stall_cycles         1869736                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_stall_cycles         2215246                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_stall_cycles         1618813                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_stall_cycles         1651081                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_stall_cycles         1854892                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_stall_cycles         2198052                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_stall_cycles         1617657                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_stall_cycles         1632246                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_stall_cycles         1886063                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_stall_cycles         2212465                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_stall_cycles         1619524                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_stall_cycles         1637647                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_stall_cycles         1860306                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_stall_cycles         2216560                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_stall_cycles         1619824                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_stall_cycles         1675411                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_stall_cycles          718949                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_stall_cycles         2212749                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_stall_cycles         1614394                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_stall_cycles         1644181                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_stall_cycles         1872462                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_stall_cycles         2208962                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_96.dma_stall_cycles         1618654                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_97.dma_stall_cycles         1650376                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_98.dma_stall_cycles         1848737                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_99.dma_stall_cycles         2198615                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_100.dma_stall_cycles        1619959                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_101.dma_stall_cycles        1645135                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_102.dma_stall_cycles        1855182                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_103.dma_stall_cycles        2215347                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_104.dma_stall_cycles        1614397                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_105.dma_stall_cycles        1639091                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_106.dma_stall_cycles        1855475                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_107.dma_stall_cycles        2207928                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_108.dma_stall_cycles        1606788                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_109.dma_stall_cycles        1646856                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_110.dma_stall_cycles        1869549                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_111.dma_stall_cycles        2201172                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_112.dma_stall_cycles        1619673                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_113.dma_stall_cycles        1627863                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_114.dma_stall_cycles        1885728                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_115.dma_stall_cycles        2201992                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_116.dma_stall_cycles        1601296                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_117.dma_stall_cycles        1638470                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_118.dma_stall_cycles         706742                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_119.dma_stall_cycles        2213125                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_120.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_121.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_122.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_123.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_124.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_125.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_126.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_127.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0                10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0                18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0                97                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               241                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0                18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0                53                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               251                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0                10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0                18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0               51                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              164                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0               12                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0               20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              334                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0               51                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0               22                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0               51                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0               52                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0               12                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0               20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0               58                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0               38                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0               47                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0              158                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0               51                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0              162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_0               53                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_0               53                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_0              164                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_0               12                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_0               20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_0               56                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_0              166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_0               52                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_0              160                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_0               51                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_0              164                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_0               51                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_0              162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_0               12                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_0               20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_0               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_0              168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_0               81                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_0              158                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_0               51                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_0              162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_0               53                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_0              164                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_0               12                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_0               20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_0               55                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_0              166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_80.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_81.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_82.onTLbMissCall_0               82                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_83.onTLbMissCall_0              158                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_84.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_85.onTLbMissCall_0               18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_86.onTLbMissCall_0               52                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_87.onTLbMissCall_0              168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_88.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_89.onTLbMissCall_0               36                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_90.onTLbMissCall_0               50                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_91.onTLbMissCall_0              162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_92.onTLbMissCall_0               12                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_93.onTLbMissCall_0               20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_94.onTLbMissCall_0               56                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_95.onTLbMissCall_0              168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_96.onTLbMissCall_0               10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_97.onTLbMissCall_0               48                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_98.onTLbMissCall_0               50                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_99.onTLbMissCall_0              162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_100.onTLbMissCall_0              10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_101.onTLbMissCall_0              18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_102.onTLbMissCall_0              51                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_103.onTLbMissCall_0             162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_104.onTLbMissCall_0              10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_105.onTLbMissCall_0              18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_106.onTLbMissCall_0              54                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_107.onTLbMissCall_0             162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_108.onTLbMissCall_0              12                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_109.onTLbMissCall_0              20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_110.onTLbMissCall_0              57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_111.onTLbMissCall_0             166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_112.onTLbMissCall_0              10                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_113.onTLbMissCall_0              18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_114.onTLbMissCall_0              99                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_115.onTLbMissCall_0             158                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_116.onTLbMissCall_0              28                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_117.onTLbMissCall_0              18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_118.onTLbMissCall_0              54                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_119.onTLbMissCall_0             162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_120.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_121.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_122.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_123.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_124.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_125.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_126.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_127.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1               375                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               357                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1               480                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              1000                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1               487                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1               334                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1               420                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              1130                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1               390                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1               321                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1              442                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1              681                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1              424                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1              380                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1              461                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             1333                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1              401                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1              390                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1              378                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1              672                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1              492                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1              333                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1              429                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1              687                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1              371                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1              362                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1              440                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1              646                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1              386                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1              364                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1              434                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1              674                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1              387                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1              438                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1              383                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1              660                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1              413                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1              345                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1              387                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1              671                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_1              395                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_1              397                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_1              415                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_1              704                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_1              402                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_1              337                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_1              492                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_1              683                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_1              368                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_1              344                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_1              378                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_1              692                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_1              366                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_1              330                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_1              433                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_1              657                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_1              385                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_1              340                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_1              446                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_1              680                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_1              411                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_1              355                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_1              455                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_1              705                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_1              391                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_1              315                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_1              540                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_1              666                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_1              384                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_1              348                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_1              405                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_1              680                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_1              385                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_1              347                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_1              414                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_1              634                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_1              386                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_1              307                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_1              447                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_1              669                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_80.onTLbMissCall_1              360                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_81.onTLbMissCall_1              340                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_82.onTLbMissCall_1              501                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_83.onTLbMissCall_1              676                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_84.onTLbMissCall_1              373                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_85.onTLbMissCall_1              329                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_86.onTLbMissCall_1              358                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_87.onTLbMissCall_1              680                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_88.onTLbMissCall_1              365                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_89.onTLbMissCall_1              412                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_90.onTLbMissCall_1              413                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_91.onTLbMissCall_1              635                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_92.onTLbMissCall_1              418                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_93.onTLbMissCall_1              356                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_94.onTLbMissCall_1              501                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_95.onTLbMissCall_1              681                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_96.onTLbMissCall_1              372                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_97.onTLbMissCall_1              365                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_98.onTLbMissCall_1              323                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_99.onTLbMissCall_1              703                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_100.onTLbMissCall_1             359                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_101.onTLbMissCall_1             339                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_102.onTLbMissCall_1             403                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_103.onTLbMissCall_1             687                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_104.onTLbMissCall_1             389                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_105.onTLbMissCall_1             329                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_106.onTLbMissCall_1             467                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_107.onTLbMissCall_1             678                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_108.onTLbMissCall_1             409                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_109.onTLbMissCall_1             360                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_110.onTLbMissCall_1             469                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_111.onTLbMissCall_1             707                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_112.onTLbMissCall_1             325                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_113.onTLbMissCall_1             372                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_114.onTLbMissCall_1             485                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_115.onTLbMissCall_1             691                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_116.onTLbMissCall_1             530                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_117.onTLbMissCall_1             365                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_118.onTLbMissCall_1             429                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_119.onTLbMissCall_1             710                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_120.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_121.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_122.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_123.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_124.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_125.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_126.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_127.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2                16                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2               143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2               683                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              1608                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2                26                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2               207                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2               405                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              1841                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2                16                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               192                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2              368                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             1187                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2               17                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2              225                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2              424                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             2576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2               14                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2              128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2              532                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             1073                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2               23                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2              275                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2              459                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             1127                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2              129                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2              329                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             1051                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2               16                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2              173                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2              369                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             1052                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2               14                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2              142                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2              444                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2              963                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2              136                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2              414                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             1043                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_2               14                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_2              182                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_2              398                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_2             1165                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_2               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_2              105                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_2              392                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_2             1062                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_2               14                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_2              103                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_2              431                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_2              827                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_2               14                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_2              113                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_2              417                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_2             1017                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_2               13                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_2              134                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_2              359                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_2             1124                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_2               16                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_2              194                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_2              445                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_2             1187                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_2               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_2              130                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_2              592                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_2              952                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_2               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_2              144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_2              387                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_2              912                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_2               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_2              130                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_2              355                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_2              965                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_2               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_2              144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_2              396                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_2             1035                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_80.onTLbMissCall_2               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_81.onTLbMissCall_2              106                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_82.onTLbMissCall_2              581                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_83.onTLbMissCall_2              878                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_84.onTLbMissCall_2               14                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_85.onTLbMissCall_2              132                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_86.onTLbMissCall_2              353                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_87.onTLbMissCall_2              871                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_88.onTLbMissCall_2               14                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_89.onTLbMissCall_2              167                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_90.onTLbMissCall_2              389                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_91.onTLbMissCall_2              990                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_92.onTLbMissCall_2               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_93.onTLbMissCall_2              159                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_94.onTLbMissCall_2              368                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_95.onTLbMissCall_2             1074                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_96.onTLbMissCall_2               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_97.onTLbMissCall_2              216                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_98.onTLbMissCall_2              482                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_99.onTLbMissCall_2              874                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_100.onTLbMissCall_2              15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_101.onTLbMissCall_2              93                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_102.onTLbMissCall_2             378                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_103.onTLbMissCall_2             908                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_104.onTLbMissCall_2              15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_105.onTLbMissCall_2             146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_106.onTLbMissCall_2             336                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_107.onTLbMissCall_2            1123                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_108.onTLbMissCall_2              16                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_109.onTLbMissCall_2             166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_110.onTLbMissCall_2             433                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_111.onTLbMissCall_2            1144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_112.onTLbMissCall_2              14                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_113.onTLbMissCall_2             132                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_114.onTLbMissCall_2             639                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_115.onTLbMissCall_2             974                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_116.onTLbMissCall_2              31                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_117.onTLbMissCall_2             200                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_118.onTLbMissCall_2             420                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_119.onTLbMissCall_2            1072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_120.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_121.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_122.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_123.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_124.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_125.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_126.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_127.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles            4916                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles           39456                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          394611                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          932175                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles           13960                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles           41908                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          387025                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          911388                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles            2887                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles           37749                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles         409143                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles         924844                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles           3955                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles          35839                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles         437099                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles         942578                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles           4077                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles          41652                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles         323721                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles         935389                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles          11245                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles          37968                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles         367576                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles         909655                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles           7584                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles          39280                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles         387288                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles         912427                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles           3194                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles          34678                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles         432494                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles         908700                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles          10716                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles          49804                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles         279195                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles         925256                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles          10102                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles          48612                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles         385648                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles         922084                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshr_stall_cycles           8885                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshr_stall_cycles          69914                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshr_stall_cycles         411518                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshr_stall_cycles         905590                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshr_stall_cycles           2795                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshr_stall_cycles          40854                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshr_stall_cycles         405835                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshr_stall_cycles         909876                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshr_stall_cycles           6905                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshr_stall_cycles          43282                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshr_stall_cycles         326942                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshr_stall_cycles         925058                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshr_stall_cycles           8640                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshr_stall_cycles          46682                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshr_stall_cycles         385998                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshr_stall_cycles         894382                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshr_stall_cycles           9771                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshr_stall_cycles          38227                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshr_stall_cycles         392598                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshr_stall_cycles         890684                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshr_stall_cycles           2805                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshr_stall_cycles          34505                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshr_stall_cycles         440837                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshr_stall_cycles         894109                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.mshr_stall_cycles           8950                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.mshr_stall_cycles          38837                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.mshr_stall_cycles         324119                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.mshr_stall_cycles         917322                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.mshr_stall_cycles           9397                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.mshr_stall_cycles          40915                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.mshr_stall_cycles         380789                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.mshr_stall_cycles         858724                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.mshr_stall_cycles           4540                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.mshr_stall_cycles          39710                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.mshr_stall_cycles         394414                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.mshr_stall_cycles         917830                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.mshr_stall_cycles           4131                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.mshr_stall_cycles          33990                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.mshr_stall_cycles         402310                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.mshr_stall_cycles         921342                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.mshr_stall_cycles           9687                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.mshr_stall_cycles          42724                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.mshr_stall_cycles         312051                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.mshr_stall_cycles         897649                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.mshr_stall_cycles           6273                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.mshr_stall_cycles          41104                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.mshr_stall_cycles         391446                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.mshr_stall_cycles         917442                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.mshr_stall_cycles           4596                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.mshr_stall_cycles          53444                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.mshr_stall_cycles         424148                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.mshr_stall_cycles         891782                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.mshr_stall_cycles          10985                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.mshr_stall_cycles          33100                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.mshr_stall_cycles         419466                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.mshr_stall_cycles         893617                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_96.mshr_stall_cycles           9527                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_97.mshr_stall_cycles          87493                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_98.mshr_stall_cycles         334388                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_99.mshr_stall_cycles         915781                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_100.mshr_stall_cycles         10245                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_101.mshr_stall_cycles         44536                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_102.mshr_stall_cycles        383289                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_103.mshr_stall_cycles        920859                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_104.mshr_stall_cycles          4447                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_105.mshr_stall_cycles         43665                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_106.mshr_stall_cycles        400750                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_107.mshr_stall_cycles        882157                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_108.mshr_stall_cycles         12608                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_109.mshr_stall_cycles         34108                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_110.mshr_stall_cycles        426606                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_111.mshr_stall_cycles        887854                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_112.mshr_stall_cycles          6479                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_113.mshr_stall_cycles         38373                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_114.mshr_stall_cycles        394887                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_115.mshr_stall_cycles        896481                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_116.mshr_stall_cycles         15834                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_117.mshr_stall_cycles         40502                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_118.mshr_stall_cycles        369248                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_119.mshr_stall_cycles        936764                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_120.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_121.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_122.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_123.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_124.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_125.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_126.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_127.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      196725     25.38%     25.38% |      192884     24.88%     50.26% |      192942     24.89%     75.15% |      192635     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       775186                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      119188     25.57%     25.57% |      115649     24.81%     50.38% |      115648     24.81%     75.19% |      115627     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       466112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      196749     25.38%     25.38% |      192884     24.88%     50.26% |      192942     24.89%     75.15% |      192635     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       775210                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      125079     25.54%     25.54% |      121552     24.82%     50.36% |      121551     24.82%     75.18% |      121530     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       489712                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6080     25.00%     25.00% |        6080     25.00%     50.00% |        6080     25.00%     75.00% |        6080     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       69345     25.10%     25.10% |       69043     24.99%     50.09% |       69102     25.01%     75.09% |       68816     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       276306                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      196725     25.38%     25.38% |      192884     24.88%     50.26% |      192942     24.89%     75.15% |      192635     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       775186                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      118944     25.56%     25.56% |      115472     24.81%     50.38% |      115471     24.81%     75.19% |      115450     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       465337                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       69345     25.10%     25.10% |       69043     24.99%     50.09% |       69102     25.01%     75.09% |       68816     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       276306                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      196725     25.38%     25.38% |      192884     24.88%     50.26% |      192942     24.89%     75.15% |      192635     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       775186                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      118944     25.56%     25.56% |      115472     24.81%     50.38% |      115471     24.81%     75.19% |      115450     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       465337                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          720                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3692760     92.54%     92.54% |          48      0.00%     92.54% |       13384      0.34%     92.88% |       12336      0.31%     93.19% |        9297      0.23%     93.42% |       15328      0.38%     93.81% |        9304      0.23%     94.04% |        9320      0.23%     94.27% |        9296      0.23%     94.51% |        9296      0.23%     94.74% |        9832      0.25%     94.99% |        9296      0.23%     95.22% |        9833      0.25%     95.46% |        9297      0.23%     95.70% |        9296      0.23%     95.93% |        9296      0.23%     96.16% |        9297      0.23%     96.40% |        9297      0.23%     96.63% |       10368      0.26%     96.89% |        9296      0.23%     97.12% |        9297      0.23%     97.36% |        9297      0.23%     97.59% |       10368      0.26%     97.85% |        9296      0.23%     98.08% |        9832      0.25%     98.33% |        9296      0.23%     98.56% |        9832      0.25%     98.81% |        9296      0.23%     99.04% |        9297      0.23%     99.27% |        9296      0.23%     99.51% |       10368      0.26%     99.77% |        9344      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3990296                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3858662    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3858662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7774156     96.89%     96.89% |           0      0.00%     96.89% |       10640      0.13%     97.02% |       10287      0.13%     97.15% |        7806      0.10%     97.24% |       11695      0.15%     97.39% |        7810      0.10%     97.49% |        8344      0.10%     97.59% |        7807      0.10%     97.69% |        7806      0.10%     97.79% |        8343      0.10%     97.89% |        7807      0.10%     97.99% |        8343      0.10%     98.09% |        7808      0.10%     98.19% |        7806      0.10%     98.29% |        7808      0.10%     98.38% |        7807      0.10%     98.48% |        7807      0.10%     98.58% |        8696      0.11%     98.69% |        7807      0.10%     98.78% |        7807      0.10%     98.88% |        7808      0.10%     98.98% |        8695      0.11%     99.09% |        7806      0.10%     99.18% |        8344      0.10%     99.29% |        7807      0.10%     99.39% |        8342      0.10%     99.49% |        7808      0.10%     99.59% |        7807      0.10%     99.68% |        7808      0.10%     99.78% |        8695      0.11%     99.89% |        8876      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      8023986                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15637     27.10%     27.10% |          48      0.08%     27.18% |        1305      2.26%     29.44% |         641      1.11%     30.55% |        1450      2.51%     33.07% |        1162      2.01%     35.08% |        1099      1.90%     36.98% |        1200      2.08%     39.06% |        1119      1.94%     41.00% |        1392      2.41%     43.41% |        1190      2.06%     45.48% |        1200      2.08%     47.56% |        1093      1.89%     49.45% |        1155      2.00%     51.45% |        1366      2.37%     53.82% |        1848      3.20%     57.02% |        1656      2.87%     59.89% |        1527      2.65%     62.54% |        1390      2.41%     64.95% |        1830      3.17%     68.12% |        1520      2.63%     70.75% |        1747      3.03%     73.78% |        1421      2.46%     76.24% |        1431      2.48%     78.72% |        1266      2.19%     80.92% |        1431      2.48%     83.40% |        1685      2.92%     86.32% |        2039      3.53%     89.85% |        1690      2.93%     92.78% |        1404      2.43%     95.21% |        1203      2.08%     97.29% |        1561      2.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        57706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      631100     54.91%     54.91% |           0      0.00%     54.91% |       23059      2.01%     56.91% |       21764      1.89%     58.81% |       16147      1.40%     60.21% |       26029      2.26%     62.48% |       16047      1.40%     63.87% |       16930      1.47%     65.35% |       16109      1.40%     66.75% |       16245      1.41%     68.16% |       17098      1.49%     69.65% |       16146      1.40%     71.05% |       17261      1.50%     72.55% |       16135      1.40%     73.96% |       16068      1.40%     75.36% |       16147      1.40%     76.76% |       16127      1.40%     78.16% |       16146      1.40%     79.57% |       17978      1.56%     81.13% |       16114      1.40%     82.54% |       16148      1.40%     83.94% |       16148      1.40%     85.35% |       18012      1.57%     86.91% |       16084      1.40%     88.31% |       17205      1.50%     89.81% |       16145      1.40%     91.21% |       17189      1.50%     92.71% |       16143      1.40%     94.11% |       16142      1.40%     95.52% |       16141      1.40%     96.92% |       17971      1.56%     98.49% |       17407      1.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1149385                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           4      8.16%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           2      4.08%     18.37% |           4      8.16%     26.53% |           0      0.00%     26.53% |           0      0.00%     26.53% |           2      4.08%     30.61% |           3      6.12%     36.73% |           0      0.00%     36.73% |           0      0.00%     36.73% |           2      4.08%     40.82% |           4      8.16%     48.98% |           0      0.00%     48.98% |           1      2.04%     51.02% |           1      2.04%     53.06% |           4      8.16%     61.22% |           0      0.00%     61.22% |           0      0.00%     61.22% |           2      4.08%     65.31% |           4      8.16%     73.47% |           0      0.00%     73.47% |           2      4.08%     77.55% |           2      4.08%     81.63% |           4      8.16%     89.80% |           0      0.00%     89.80% |           0      0.00%     89.80% |           5     10.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           49                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          75     27.27%     27.27% |           2      0.73%     28.00% |           5      1.82%     29.82% |           7      2.55%     32.36% |           6      2.18%     34.55% |           6      2.18%     36.73% |           7      2.55%     39.27% |           8      2.91%     42.18% |           8      2.91%     45.09% |           6      2.18%     47.27% |           7      2.55%     49.82% |           8      2.91%     52.73% |           5      1.82%     54.55% |           6      2.18%     56.73% |           6      2.18%     58.91% |           6      2.18%     61.09% |           8      2.91%     64.00% |           8      2.91%     66.91% |           7      2.55%     69.45% |           7      2.55%     72.00% |           6      2.18%     74.18% |           6      2.18%     76.36% |           5      1.82%     78.18% |           6      2.18%     80.36% |           7      2.55%     82.91% |           8      2.91%     85.82% |           7      2.55%     88.36% |           6      2.18%     90.55% |           7      2.55%     93.09% |           6      2.18%     95.27% |           6      2.18%     97.45% |           7      2.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total          275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      170356     37.37%     37.37% |          40      0.01%     37.38% |       13023      2.86%     40.24% |       12051      2.64%     42.88% |        8893      1.95%     44.83% |       14895      3.27%     48.10% |        8797      1.93%     50.03% |        9163      2.01%     52.04% |        8861      1.94%     53.98% |        8986      1.97%     55.95% |        9308      2.04%     57.99% |        8897      1.95%     59.95% |        9475      2.08%     62.02% |        8879      1.95%     63.97% |        8819      1.93%     65.91% |        8898      1.95%     67.86% |        8872      1.95%     69.80% |        8889      1.95%     71.75% |        9866      2.16%     73.92% |        8868      1.95%     75.86% |        8895      1.95%     77.81% |        8893      1.95%     79.77% |        9895      2.17%     81.94% |        8847      1.94%     83.88% |        9416      2.07%     85.94% |        8950      1.96%     87.91% |        9468      2.08%     89.98% |        8901      1.95%     91.93% |        8878      1.95%     93.88% |        8904      1.95%     95.84% |        9883      2.17%     98.00% |        9101      2.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       455867                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           2      0.73%      0.73% |           8      2.91%      3.64% |           3      1.09%      4.73% |           7      2.55%      7.27% |           5      1.82%      9.09% |          10      3.64%     12.73% |           8      2.91%     15.64% |           8      2.91%     18.55% |           5      1.82%     20.36% |           8      2.91%     23.27% |          16      5.82%     29.09% |           7      2.55%     31.64% |           7      2.55%     34.18% |           5      1.82%     36.00% |           6      2.18%     38.18% |           8      2.91%     41.09% |           8      2.91%     44.00% |           7      2.55%     46.55% |          16      5.82%     52.36% |          13      4.73%     57.09% |           7      2.55%     59.64% |           6      2.18%     61.82% |           6      2.18%     64.00% |           7      2.55%     66.55% |           9      3.27%     69.82% |           7      2.55%     72.36% |          20      7.27%     79.64% |          14      5.09%     84.73% |          16      5.82%     90.55% |          13      4.73%     95.27% |           6      2.18%     97.45% |           7      2.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total          275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      464282     65.15%     65.15% |           0      0.00%     65.15% |       10581      1.48%     66.64% |       10221      1.43%     68.07% |        7765      1.09%     69.16% |       11639      1.63%     70.80% |        7757      1.09%     71.88% |        8281      1.16%     73.05% |        7764      1.09%     74.14% |        7762      1.09%     75.23% |        8286      1.16%     76.39% |        7756      1.09%     77.48% |        8294      1.16%     78.64% |        7763      1.09%     79.73% |        7758      1.09%     80.82% |        7755      1.09%     81.91% |        7766      1.09%     83.00% |        7762      1.09%     84.09% |        8638      1.21%     85.30% |        7753      1.09%     86.39% |        7765      1.09%     87.48% |        7766      1.09%     88.57% |        8640      1.21%     89.78% |        7756      1.09%     90.87% |        8295      1.16%     92.03% |        7764      1.09%     93.12% |        8288      1.16%     94.28% |        7756      1.09%     95.37% |        7767      1.09%     96.46% |        7764      1.09%     97.55% |        8638      1.21%     98.76% |        8810      1.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       712592                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      506405     51.44%     51.44% |           0      0.00%     51.44% |       21794      2.21%     53.66% |       21143      2.15%     55.81% |       14792      1.50%     57.31% |       24903      2.53%     59.84% |       14994      1.52%     61.36% |       15866      1.61%     62.97% |       15025      1.53%     64.50% |       14874      1.51%     66.01% |       15971      1.62%     67.63% |       15018      1.53%     69.16% |       16195      1.65%     70.80% |       15000      1.52%     72.33% |       14755      1.50%     73.83% |       14325      1.46%     75.28% |       14541      1.48%     76.76% |       14652      1.49%     78.25% |       16697      1.70%     79.94% |       14326      1.46%     81.40% |       14661      1.49%     82.89% |       14466      1.47%     84.36% |       16690      1.70%     86.05% |       14676      1.49%     87.54% |       15961      1.62%     89.17% |       14797      1.50%     90.67% |       15623      1.59%     92.26% |       14157      1.44%     93.69% |       14551      1.48%     95.17% |       14819      1.51%     96.68% |       16835      1.71%     98.39% |       15872      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       984384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      170918     37.46%     37.46% |          23      0.01%     37.46% |       12992      2.85%     40.31% |       12055      2.64%     42.95% |        8897      1.95%     44.90% |       14904      3.27%     48.17% |        8803      1.93%     50.09% |        9161      2.01%     52.10% |        8859      1.94%     54.04% |        8994      1.97%     56.01% |        9326      2.04%     58.06% |        8904      1.95%     60.01% |        9481      2.08%     62.09% |        8886      1.95%     64.03% |        8822      1.93%     65.97% |        8906      1.95%     67.92% |        8874      1.94%     69.86% |        8898      1.95%     71.81% |        9853      2.16%     73.97% |        8874      1.94%     75.92% |        8897      1.95%     77.87% |        8895      1.95%     79.82% |        9887      2.17%     81.98% |        8842      1.94%     83.92% |        9424      2.07%     85.99% |        8896      1.95%     87.94% |        9415      2.06%     90.00% |        8901      1.95%     91.95% |        8890      1.95%     93.90% |        8890      1.95%     95.85% |        9847      2.16%     98.00% |        9108      2.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       456322                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122690    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122690                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      338256     57.67%     57.67% |           0      0.00%     57.67% |       10578      1.80%     59.48% |       10221      1.74%     61.22% |        7762      1.32%     62.54% |       11637      1.98%     64.53% |        7756      1.32%     65.85% |        8281      1.41%     67.26% |        7762      1.32%     68.58% |        7761      1.32%     69.91% |        8284      1.41%     71.32% |        7754      1.32%     72.64% |        8292      1.41%     74.06% |        7761      1.32%     75.38% |        7756      1.32%     76.70% |        7753      1.32%     78.02% |        7764      1.32%     79.35% |        7760      1.32%     80.67% |        8637      1.47%     82.14% |        7752      1.32%     83.46% |        7763      1.32%     84.79% |        7763      1.32%     86.11% |        8637      1.47%     87.58% |        7754      1.32%     88.91% |        8293      1.41%     90.32% |        7761      1.32%     91.64% |        8286      1.41%     93.06% |        7754      1.32%     94.38% |        7764      1.32%     95.70% |        7761      1.32%     97.03% |        8636      1.47%     98.50% |        8809      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       586508                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11269     96.16%     96.16% |           0      0.00%     96.16% |           9      0.08%     96.24% |          13      0.11%     96.35% |          10      0.09%     96.43% |          13      0.11%     96.54% |          15      0.13%     96.67% |          16      0.14%     96.81% |          13      0.11%     96.92% |          13      0.11%     97.03% |          23      0.20%     97.23% |          14      0.12%     97.35% |          12      0.10%     97.45% |          11      0.09%     97.54% |          12      0.10%     97.64% |          14      0.12%     97.76% |          16      0.14%     97.90% |          15      0.13%     98.03% |          19      0.16%     98.19% |          18      0.15%     98.34% |          13      0.11%     98.46% |          12      0.10%     98.56% |          11      0.09%     98.65% |          13      0.11%     98.76% |          16      0.14%     98.90% |          15      0.13%     99.03% |          27      0.23%     99.26% |          21      0.18%     99.44% |          22      0.19%     99.62% |          19      0.16%     99.79% |          12      0.10%     99.89% |          13      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11719                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1342     75.39%     75.39% |          25      1.40%     76.80% |          37      2.08%     78.88% |           3      0.17%     79.04% |           4      0.22%     79.27% |           3      0.17%     79.44% |           3      0.17%     79.61% |          10      0.56%     80.17% |           9      0.51%     80.67% |           1      0.06%     80.73% |           0      0.00%     80.73% |           2      0.11%     80.84% |           3      0.17%     81.01% |           0      0.00%     81.01% |           5      0.28%     81.29% |           2      0.11%     81.40% |           8      0.45%     81.85% |           0      0.00%     81.85% |          30      1.69%     83.54% |           8      0.45%     83.99% |           7      0.39%     84.38% |           7      0.39%     84.78% |          17      0.96%     85.73% |          14      0.79%     86.52% |           3      0.17%     86.69% |          64      3.60%     90.28% |          75      4.21%     94.49% |          16      0.90%     95.39% |           7      0.39%     95.79% |          30      1.69%     97.47% |          44      2.47%     99.94% |           1      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1780                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1396    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1396                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          39    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         740      1.83%      1.83% |           0      0.00%      1.83% |        1253      3.09%      4.92% |         608      1.50%      6.42% |        1342      3.31%      9.73% |        1109      2.74%     12.47% |        1037      2.56%     15.02% |        1048      2.59%     17.61% |        1069      2.64%     20.25% |        1355      3.34%     23.59% |        1102      2.72%     26.31% |        1112      2.74%     29.05% |        1052      2.60%     31.65% |        1122      2.77%     34.42% |        1297      3.20%     37.62% |        1806      4.46%     42.08% |        1567      3.87%     45.94% |        1477      3.64%     49.59% |        1261      3.11%     52.70% |        1769      4.36%     57.06% |        1472      3.63%     60.70% |        1665      4.11%     64.80% |        1308      3.23%     68.03% |        1393      3.44%     71.47% |        1226      3.03%     74.49% |        1331      3.28%     77.78% |        1537      3.79%     81.57% |        1964      4.85%     86.42% |        1566      3.86%     90.28% |        1298      3.20%     93.48% |        1122      2.77%     96.25% |        1519      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        40527                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       20594     99.85%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           4      0.02%     99.87% |           1      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           3      0.01%     99.89% |           5      0.02%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           1      0.00%     99.92% |           6      0.03%     99.95% |           4      0.02%     99.97% |           4      0.02%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        20625                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3734519    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3734519                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2301     99.01%     99.01% |          10      0.43%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           1      0.04%     99.48% |           1      0.04%     99.53% |           1      0.04%     99.57% |           0      0.00%     99.57% |           0      0.00%     99.57% |           0      0.00%     99.57% |           1      0.04%     99.61% |           0      0.00%     99.61% |           1      0.04%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           4      0.17%     99.83% |           2      0.09%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           1      0.04%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2324                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      123695     99.59%     99.59% |           0      0.00%     99.59% |          11      0.01%     99.60% |          13      0.01%     99.61% |          13      0.01%     99.62% |          17      0.01%     99.64% |          16      0.01%     99.65% |          16      0.01%     99.66% |          15      0.01%     99.67% |          14      0.01%     99.68% |          25      0.02%     99.70% |          16      0.01%     99.72% |          14      0.01%     99.73% |          13      0.01%     99.74% |          14      0.01%     99.75% |          16      0.01%     99.76% |          18      0.01%     99.78% |          17      0.01%     99.79% |          20      0.02%     99.81% |          19      0.02%     99.82% |          15      0.01%     99.83% |          15      0.01%     99.85% |          14      0.01%     99.86% |          15      0.01%     99.87% |          18      0.01%     99.88% |          17      0.01%     99.90% |          29      0.02%     99.92% |          22      0.02%     99.94% |          25      0.02%     99.96% |          22      0.02%     99.98% |          14      0.01%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       124202                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1637795     99.85%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |         111      0.01%     99.86% |          96      0.01%     99.87% |          74      0.00%     99.87% |         106      0.01%     99.88% |          75      0.00%     99.88% |          86      0.01%     99.89% |          71      0.00%     99.89% |          73      0.00%     99.90% |          82      0.00%     99.90% |          71      0.00%     99.91% |          78      0.00%     99.91% |          72      0.00%     99.92% |          76      0.00%     99.92% |          70      0.00%     99.92% |          74      0.00%     99.93% |          74      0.00%     99.93% |          89      0.01%     99.94% |          68      0.00%     99.94% |          73      0.00%     99.95% |          75      0.00%     99.95% |          89      0.01%     99.96% |          71      0.00%     99.96% |          81      0.00%     99.97% |          75      0.00%     99.97% |          82      0.00%     99.98% |          66      0.00%     99.98% |          68      0.00%     99.98% |          72      0.00%     99.99% |          93      0.01%     99.99% |          89      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1640175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       29112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        29112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1896     10.17%     10.17% |          38      0.20%     10.37% |         484      2.60%     12.96% |         301      1.61%     14.58% |         468      2.51%     17.09% |         325      1.74%     18.83% |         336      1.80%     20.63% |         554      2.97%     23.60% |         420      2.25%     25.85% |         646      3.46%     29.32% |         322      1.73%     31.04% |         418      2.24%     33.29% |         213      1.14%     34.43% |         367      1.97%     36.39% |         727      3.90%     40.29% |         967      5.18%     45.48% |        1002      5.37%     50.85% |         717      3.84%     54.69% |         597      3.20%     57.90% |         867      4.65%     62.54% |         449      2.41%     64.95% |         690      3.70%     68.65% |         441      2.36%     71.01% |         489      2.62%     73.64% |         359      1.92%     75.56% |         594      3.18%     78.75% |         924      4.95%     83.70% |         862      4.62%     88.32% |         629      3.37%     91.69% |         490      2.63%     94.32% |         349      1.87%     96.19% |         710      3.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        18651                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      139230     34.63%     34.63% |           0      0.00%     34.63% |       12351      3.07%     37.70% |       11543      2.87%     40.57% |        8249      2.05%     42.63% |       14378      3.58%     46.20% |        8285      2.06%     48.26% |        8460      2.10%     50.37% |        8245      2.05%     52.42% |        8116      2.02%     54.44% |        8809      2.19%     56.63% |        8285      2.06%     58.69% |        9068      2.26%     60.94% |        8288      2.06%     63.01% |        7885      1.96%     64.97% |        7722      1.92%     66.89% |        7721      1.92%     68.81% |        7929      1.97%     70.78% |        9084      2.26%     73.04% |        7791      1.94%     74.98% |        8252      2.05%     77.03% |        7979      1.98%     79.01% |        9279      2.31%     81.32% |        8147      2.03%     83.35% |        8861      2.20%     85.55% |        8130      2.02%     87.57% |        8367      2.08%     89.66% |        7828      1.95%     91.60% |        8054      2.00%     93.61% |        8190      2.04%     95.64% |        9341      2.32%     97.97% |        8174      2.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       402041                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           2      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1      2.78%     13.89% |           3      8.33%     22.22% |           2      5.56%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           2      5.56%     33.33% |           2      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           2      5.56%     44.44% |           2      5.56%     50.00% |           2      5.56%     55.56% |           1      2.78%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           2      5.56%     63.89% |           2      5.56%     69.44% |           2      5.56%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1      2.78%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           1      2.78%     80.56% |           7     19.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           36                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1860838     99.50%     99.50% |           0      0.00%     99.50% |         244      0.01%     99.52% |         182      0.01%     99.53% |         321      0.02%     99.54% |         315      0.02%     99.56% |         414      0.02%     99.58% |          63      0.00%     99.59% |         357      0.02%     99.61% |         228      0.01%     99.62% |         420      0.02%     99.64% |         318      0.02%     99.66% |         270      0.01%     99.67% |         338      0.02%     99.69% |         393      0.02%     99.71% |         318      0.02%     99.73% |         340      0.02%     99.75% |         324      0.02%     99.76% |         393      0.02%     99.78% |         341      0.02%     99.80% |         319      0.02%     99.82% |         319      0.02%     99.84% |         375      0.02%     99.86% |         369      0.02%     99.88% |         324      0.02%     99.89% |         260      0.01%     99.91% |         254      0.01%     99.92% |         309      0.02%     99.94% |         327      0.02%     99.96% |         302      0.02%     99.97% |         384      0.02%     99.99% |         146      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1870105                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7406604     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |          61      0.00%     99.98% |          65      0.00%     99.98% |          44      0.00%     99.98% |          57      0.00%     99.98% |          51      0.00%     99.98% |          63      0.00%     99.98% |          45      0.00%     99.98% |          45      0.00%     99.98% |          59      0.00%     99.99% |          52      0.00%     99.99% |          51      0.00%     99.99% |          47      0.00%     99.99% |          50      0.00%     99.99% |          54      0.00%     99.99% |          43      0.00%     99.99% |          47      0.00%     99.99% |          59      0.00%     99.99% |          55      0.00%     99.99% |          43      0.00%     99.99% |          44      0.00%     99.99% |          58      0.00%     99.99% |          52      0.00%     99.99% |          50      0.00%     99.99% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |          67      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      7408170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         171      0.70%      0.70% |           0      0.00%      0.70% |         806      3.31%      4.01% |         314      1.29%      5.30% |         925      3.80%      9.10% |         786      3.23%     12.33% |         704      2.89%     15.22% |         626      2.57%     17.79% |         654      2.69%     20.48% |         709      2.91%     23.39% |         817      3.36%     26.75% |         744      3.06%     29.81% |         839      3.45%     33.25% |         757      3.11%     36.36% |         622      2.56%     38.92% |         841      3.45%     42.37% |         616      2.53%     44.90% |         774      3.18%     48.08% |         736      3.02%     51.10% |         942      3.87%     54.97% |        1031      4.24%     59.21% |        1028      4.22%     63.43% |         946      3.89%     67.32% |         916      3.76%     71.08% |         868      3.57%     74.65% |         820      3.37%     78.02% |         722      2.97%     80.98% |        1130      4.64%     85.62% |        1007      4.14%     89.76% |         869      3.57%     93.33% |         817      3.36%     96.69% |         807      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        24344                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      367175     63.05%     63.05% |           0      0.00%     63.05% |        9443      1.62%     64.67% |        9600      1.65%     66.32% |        6543      1.12%     67.44% |       10525      1.81%     69.25% |        6709      1.15%     70.40% |        7406      1.27%     71.68% |        6780      1.16%     72.84% |        6758      1.16%     74.00% |        7162      1.23%     75.23% |        6733      1.16%     76.39% |        7127      1.22%     77.61% |        6712      1.15%     78.76% |        6870      1.18%     79.94% |        6603      1.13%     81.08% |        6820      1.17%     82.25% |        6723      1.15%     83.40% |        7613      1.31%     84.71% |        6535      1.12%     85.83% |        6409      1.10%     86.93% |        6487      1.11%     88.05% |        7411      1.27%     89.32% |        6529      1.12%     90.44% |        7100      1.22%     91.66% |        6667      1.14%     92.80% |        7256      1.25%     94.05% |        6329      1.09%     95.14% |        6497      1.12%     96.25% |        6629      1.14%     97.39% |        7494      1.29%     98.68% |        7698      1.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       582343                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           4      8.16%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           2      4.08%     18.37% |           4      8.16%     26.53% |           0      0.00%     26.53% |           0      0.00%     26.53% |           2      4.08%     30.61% |           3      6.12%     36.73% |           0      0.00%     36.73% |           0      0.00%     36.73% |           2      4.08%     40.82% |           4      8.16%     48.98% |           0      0.00%     48.98% |           1      2.04%     51.02% |           1      2.04%     53.06% |           4      8.16%     61.22% |           0      0.00%     61.22% |           0      0.00%     61.22% |           2      4.08%     65.31% |           4      8.16%     73.47% |           0      0.00%     73.47% |           2      4.08%     77.55% |           2      4.08%     81.63% |           4      8.16%     89.80% |           0      0.00%     89.80% |           0      0.00%     89.80% |           5     10.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           49                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          75     31.38%     31.38% |           0      0.00%     31.38% |           5      2.09%     33.47% |           5      2.09%     35.56% |           6      2.51%     38.08% |           6      2.51%     40.59% |           6      2.51%     43.10% |           5      2.09%     45.19% |           6      2.51%     47.70% |           6      2.51%     50.21% |           5      2.09%     52.30% |           6      2.51%     54.81% |           5      2.09%     56.90% |           6      2.51%     59.41% |           6      2.51%     61.92% |           6      2.51%     64.44% |           6      2.51%     66.95% |           6      2.51%     69.46% |           5      2.09%     71.55% |           6      2.51%     74.06% |           6      2.51%     76.57% |           6      2.51%     79.08% |           5      2.09%     81.17% |           6      2.51%     83.68% |           5      2.09%     85.77% |           6      2.51%     88.28% |           5      2.09%     90.38% |           6      2.51%     92.89% |           6      2.51%     95.40% |           6      2.51%     97.91% |           5      2.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total          239                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         250     98.43%     98.43% |           0      0.00%     98.43% |           1      0.39%     98.82% |           0      0.00%     98.82% |           0      0.00%     98.82% |           0      0.00%     98.82% |           0      0.00%     98.82% |           0      0.00%     98.82% |           0      0.00%     98.82% |           0      0.00%     98.82% |           0      0.00%     98.82% |           0      0.00%     98.82% |           0      0.00%     98.82% |           0      0.00%     98.82% |           2      0.79%     99.61% |           0      0.00%     99.61% |           1      0.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          254                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      170356     37.37%     37.37% |          40      0.01%     37.38% |       13023      2.86%     40.24% |       12051      2.64%     42.88% |        8893      1.95%     44.83% |       14895      3.27%     48.10% |        8797      1.93%     50.03% |        9163      2.01%     52.04% |        8861      1.94%     53.98% |        8986      1.97%     55.95% |        9308      2.04%     57.99% |        8897      1.95%     59.95% |        9475      2.08%     62.02% |        8879      1.95%     63.97% |        8819      1.93%     65.91% |        8898      1.95%     67.86% |        8872      1.95%     69.80% |        8889      1.95%     71.75% |        9866      2.16%     73.92% |        8868      1.95%     75.86% |        8895      1.95%     77.81% |        8893      1.95%     79.77% |        9895      2.17%     81.94% |        8847      1.94%     83.88% |        9416      2.07%     85.94% |        8950      1.96%     87.91% |        9468      2.08%     89.98% |        8901      1.95%     91.93% |        8878      1.95%     93.88% |        8904      1.95%     95.84% |        9883      2.17%     98.00% |        9101      2.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       455867                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           2      0.73%      0.73% |           8      2.91%      3.64% |           3      1.09%      4.73% |           7      2.55%      7.27% |           5      1.82%      9.09% |          10      3.64%     12.73% |           8      2.91%     15.64% |           8      2.91%     18.55% |           5      1.82%     20.36% |           8      2.91%     23.27% |          16      5.82%     29.09% |           7      2.55%     31.64% |           7      2.55%     34.18% |           5      1.82%     36.00% |           6      2.18%     38.18% |           8      2.91%     41.09% |           8      2.91%     44.00% |           7      2.55%     46.55% |          16      5.82%     52.36% |          13      4.73%     57.09% |           7      2.55%     59.64% |           6      2.18%     61.82% |           6      2.18%     64.00% |           7      2.55%     66.55% |           9      3.27%     69.82% |           7      2.55%     72.36% |          20      7.27%     79.64% |          14      5.09%     84.73% |          16      5.82%     90.55% |          13      4.73%     95.27% |           6      2.18%     97.45% |           7      2.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total          275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      125987     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           3      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           3      0.00%     99.96% |           2      0.00%     99.96% |           1      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           2      0.00%     99.96% |           1      0.00%     99.96% |           2      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.00%     99.98% |           3      0.00%     99.98% |           3      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126045                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10     55.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           2     11.11%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     11.11%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           2     11.11%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           2     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      338295     57.68%     57.68% |           0      0.00%     57.68% |       10578      1.80%     59.48% |       10221      1.74%     61.22% |        7762      1.32%     62.55% |       11637      1.98%     64.53% |        7756      1.32%     65.85% |        8281      1.41%     67.26% |        7762      1.32%     68.59% |        7761      1.32%     69.91% |        8284      1.41%     71.32% |        7754      1.32%     72.64% |        8292      1.41%     74.06% |        7761      1.32%     75.38% |        7756      1.32%     76.70% |        7753      1.32%     78.02% |        7764      1.32%     79.35% |        7760      1.32%     80.67% |        8637      1.47%     82.14% |        7752      1.32%     83.47% |        7763      1.32%     84.79% |        7763      1.32%     86.11% |        8637      1.47%     87.59% |        7754      1.32%     88.91% |        8293      1.41%     90.32% |        7761      1.32%     91.64% |        8286      1.41%     93.06% |        7754      1.32%     94.38% |        7764      1.32%     95.70% |        7761      1.32%     97.03% |        8636      1.47%     98.50% |        8809      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       586547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1273     98.76%     98.76% |           0      0.00%     98.76% |           0      0.00%     98.76% |           0      0.00%     98.76% |           1      0.08%     98.84% |           0      0.00%     98.84% |           8      0.62%     99.46% |           0      0.00%     99.46% |           0      0.00%     99.46% |           0      0.00%     99.46% |           0      0.00%     99.46% |           0      0.00%     99.46% |           1      0.08%     99.53% |           1      0.08%     99.61% |           0      0.00%     99.61% |           0      0.00%     99.61% |           1      0.08%     99.69% |           1      0.08%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           1      0.08%     99.84% |           1      0.08%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           1      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1289                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          57    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         122     91.04%     91.04% |           0      0.00%     91.04% |           1      0.75%     91.79% |           1      0.75%     92.54% |           0      0.00%     92.54% |           1      0.75%     93.28% |           3      2.24%     95.52% |           0      0.00%     95.52% |           0      0.00%     95.52% |           0      0.00%     95.52% |           0      0.00%     95.52% |           1      0.75%     96.27% |           0      0.00%     96.27% |           0      0.00%     96.27% |           0      0.00%     96.27% |           1      0.75%     97.01% |           0      0.00%     97.01% |           0      0.00%     97.01% |           0      0.00%     97.01% |           0      0.00%     97.01% |           1      0.75%     97.76% |           1      0.75%     98.51% |           0      0.00%     98.51% |           0      0.00%     98.51% |           1      0.75%     99.25% |           0      0.00%     99.25% |           0      0.00%     99.25% |           0      0.00%     99.25% |           0      0.00%     99.25% |           1      0.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6      0.90%      0.90% |          12      1.80%      2.69% |          46      6.89%      9.58% |          37      5.54%     15.12% |          44      6.59%     21.71% |           4      0.60%     22.31% |          32      4.79%     27.10% |          23      3.44%     30.54% |          28      4.19%     34.73% |          23      3.44%     38.17% |          29      4.34%     42.51% |          20      2.99%     45.51% |           5      0.75%     46.26% |          26      3.89%     50.15% |          22      3.29%     53.44% |          21      3.14%     56.59% |          34      5.09%     61.68% |           1      0.15%     61.83% |          27      4.04%     65.87% |          17      2.54%     68.41% |          23      3.44%     71.86% |          13      1.95%     73.80% |          23      3.44%     77.25% |           1      0.15%     77.40% |          12      1.80%     79.19% |          26      3.89%     83.08% |          31      4.64%     87.72% |          26      3.89%     91.62% |          25      3.74%     95.36% |          31      4.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          668                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      506405     51.48%     51.48% |           0      0.00%     51.48% |       21788      2.21%     53.69% |       21131      2.15%     55.84% |       14746      1.50%     57.34% |       24866      2.53%     59.87% |       14950      1.52%     61.39% |       15862      1.61%     63.00% |       14993      1.52%     64.52% |       14851      1.51%     66.03% |       15943      1.62%     67.66% |       14995      1.52%     69.18% |       16166      1.64%     70.82% |       14980      1.52%     72.35% |       14750      1.50%     73.85% |       14299      1.45%     75.30% |       14519      1.48%     76.77% |       14631      1.49%     78.26% |       16663      1.69%     79.96% |       14325      1.46%     81.41% |       14634      1.49%     82.90% |       14449      1.47%     84.37% |       16667      1.69%     86.06% |       14663      1.49%     87.55% |       15938      1.62%     89.17% |       14796      1.50%     90.68% |       15611      1.59%     92.26% |       14131      1.44%     93.70% |       14520      1.48%     95.18% |       14793      1.50%     96.68% |       16810      1.71%     98.39% |       15841      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       983716                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6      0.90%      0.90% |          12      1.80%      2.69% |          46      6.89%      9.58% |          37      5.54%     15.12% |          44      6.59%     21.71% |           4      0.60%     22.31% |          32      4.79%     27.10% |          23      3.44%     30.54% |          28      4.19%     34.73% |          23      3.44%     38.17% |          29      4.34%     42.51% |          20      2.99%     45.51% |           5      0.75%     46.26% |          26      3.89%     50.15% |          22      3.29%     53.44% |          21      3.14%     56.59% |          34      5.09%     61.68% |           1      0.15%     61.83% |          27      4.04%     65.87% |          17      2.54%     68.41% |          23      3.44%     71.86% |          13      1.95%     73.80% |          23      3.44%     77.25% |           1      0.15%     77.40% |          12      1.80%     79.19% |          26      3.89%     83.08% |          31      4.64%     87.72% |          26      3.89%     91.62% |          25      3.74%     95.36% |          31      4.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          668                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3866      3.11%      3.11% |        3802      3.06%      6.18% |        3547      2.86%      9.04% |        3504      2.82%     11.86% |        3571      2.88%     14.74% |        4048      3.26%     18.00% |        3753      3.02%     21.02% |        3279      2.64%     23.66% |        3556      2.86%     26.53% |        5141      4.14%     30.67% |        3963      3.19%     33.86% |        3818      3.08%     36.94% |        3560      2.87%     39.81% |        4322      3.48%     43.29% |        3865      3.11%     46.40% |        3739      3.01%     49.41% |        4117      3.32%     52.73% |        4155      3.35%     56.08% |        3674      2.96%     59.04% |        3380      2.72%     61.76% |        3061      2.47%     64.23% |        3702      2.98%     67.21% |        3479      2.80%     70.01% |        3352      2.70%     72.71% |        3636      2.93%     75.64% |        3694      2.98%     78.62% |        3243      2.61%     81.23% |        4615      3.72%     84.95% |        3977      3.20%     88.15% |        5211      4.20%     92.35% |        5077      4.09%     96.44% |        4418      3.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124125                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       54843     11.96%     11.96% |       13603      2.97%     14.93% |       12415      2.71%     17.64% |       13346      2.91%     20.55% |       12531      2.73%     23.28% |       12396      2.70%     25.98% |       12031      2.62%     28.61% |       12300      2.68%     31.29% |       12701      2.77%     34.06% |       12580      2.74%     36.80% |       14725      3.21%     40.02% |       13056      2.85%     42.86% |       12618      2.75%     45.62% |       12587      2.75%     48.36% |       11974      2.61%     50.97% |       12354      2.69%     53.67% |       13465      2.94%     56.60% |       12471      2.72%     59.32% |       12871      2.81%     62.13% |       12901      2.81%     64.94% |       13395      2.92%     67.87% |       16541      3.61%     71.47% |       12538      2.73%     74.21% |       12661      2.76%     76.97% |       12600      2.75%     79.72% |       12750      2.78%     82.50% |       12265      2.68%     85.17% |       11985      2.61%     87.79% |       13019      2.84%     90.63% |       12362      2.70%     93.32% |       13369      2.92%     96.24% |       17240      3.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       458493                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       22430      3.82%      3.82% |       18989      3.24%      7.06% |       16800      2.86%      9.92% |       18818      3.21%     13.13% |       16982      2.89%     16.03% |       17077      2.91%     18.94% |       16831      2.87%     21.81% |       17157      2.92%     24.73% |       17474      2.98%     27.71% |       17183      2.93%     30.64% |       17609      3.00%     33.64% |       17572      3.00%     36.63% |       17683      3.01%     39.65% |       17495      2.98%     42.63% |       17428      2.97%     45.60% |       17622      3.00%     48.61% |       17855      3.04%     51.65% |       17597      3.00%     54.65% |       17898      3.05%     57.70% |       18514      3.16%     60.86% |       18475      3.15%     64.00% |       20244      3.45%     67.46% |       18485      3.15%     70.61% |       18332      3.12%     73.73% |       18407      3.14%     76.87% |       18253      3.11%     79.98% |       18647      3.18%     83.16% |       18647      3.18%     86.34% |       19433      3.31%     89.65% |       19541      3.33%     92.98% |       20538      3.50%     96.48% |       20644      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       586660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       73535      7.48%      7.48% |       30770      3.13%     10.60% |       27388      2.78%     13.39% |       30313      3.08%     16.47% |       27693      2.82%     19.28% |       27604      2.81%     22.09% |       27026      2.75%     24.84% |       27649      2.81%     27.65% |       28351      2.88%     30.53% |       27966      2.84%     33.37% |       30480      3.10%     36.47% |       28808      2.93%     39.40% |       28442      2.89%     42.29% |       28222      2.87%     45.16% |       27508      2.80%     47.96% |       28123      2.86%     50.82% |       29220      2.97%     53.79% |       28224      2.87%     56.65% |       28865      2.93%     59.59% |       29541      3.00%     62.59% |       29992      3.05%     65.64% |       34886      3.55%     69.19% |       29182      2.97%     72.15% |       29143      2.96%     75.12% |       29130      2.96%     78.08% |       29124      2.96%     81.04% |       29028      2.95%     83.99% |       28796      2.93%     86.92% |       30594      3.11%     90.03% |       30075      3.06%     93.08% |       32034      3.26%     96.34% |       36004      3.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       983716                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          22      2.29%      2.29% |          24      2.50%      4.79% |          34      3.54%      8.32% |          38      3.95%     12.28% |          33      3.43%     15.71% |          30      3.12%     18.83% |          36      3.75%     22.58% |          34      3.54%     26.12% |          40      4.16%     30.28% |          30      3.12%     33.40% |          28      2.91%     36.32% |          37      3.85%     40.17% |          35      3.64%     43.81% |          38      3.95%     47.76% |          36      3.75%     51.51% |          31      3.23%     54.73% |          26      2.71%     57.44% |          26      2.71%     60.15% |          36      3.75%     63.89% |          39      4.06%     67.95% |          25      2.60%     70.55% |          27      2.81%     73.36% |          23      2.39%     75.75% |          22      2.29%     78.04% |          33      3.43%     81.48% |          36      3.75%     85.22% |          30      3.12%     88.35% |          17      1.77%     90.11% |          28      2.91%     93.03% |          24      2.50%     95.53% |          19      1.98%     97.50% |          24      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total          961                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       17031      3.87%      3.87% |       13660      3.10%      6.97% |       13679      3.10%     10.07% |       13678      3.10%     13.18% |       13666      3.10%     16.28% |       13675      3.10%     19.38% |       13652      3.10%     22.48% |       13677      3.10%     25.58% |       13680      3.11%     28.69% |       13704      3.11%     31.80% |       13670      3.10%     34.90% |       13660      3.10%     38.00% |       13645      3.10%     41.10% |       13658      3.10%     44.20% |       13659      3.10%     47.30% |       13649      3.10%     50.40% |       13740      3.12%     53.52% |       13670      3.10%     56.62% |       13677      3.10%     59.72% |       13656      3.10%     62.82% |       13647      3.10%     65.92% |       13673      3.10%     69.02% |       13667      3.10%     72.13% |       13649      3.10%     75.22% |       13660      3.10%     78.33% |       13652      3.10%     81.42% |       13648      3.10%     84.52% |       13658      3.10%     87.62% |       13638      3.10%     90.72% |       13639      3.10%     93.81% |       13630      3.09%     96.91% |       13630      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       440577                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        9693      3.22%      3.22% |        9433      3.13%      6.35% |        9429      3.13%      9.48% |        9375      3.11%     12.60% |        9353      3.11%     15.71% |        9325      3.10%     18.80% |        9376      3.11%     21.92% |        9342      3.10%     25.02% |        9357      3.11%     28.13% |        9389      3.12%     31.25% |        9462      3.14%     34.39% |        9401      3.12%     37.51% |        9431      3.13%     40.64% |        9392      3.12%     43.76% |        9417      3.13%     46.89% |        9367      3.11%     50.00% |        9536      3.17%     53.17% |        9389      3.12%     56.29% |        9400      3.12%     59.41% |        9403      3.12%     62.53% |        9389      3.12%     65.65% |        9396      3.12%     68.77% |        9373      3.11%     71.89% |        9362      3.11%     75.00% |        9399      3.12%     78.12% |        9454      3.14%     81.26% |        9431      3.13%     84.39% |        9358      3.11%     87.50% |        9425      3.13%     90.63% |        9406      3.12%     93.75% |        9403      3.12%     96.88% |        9401      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       301067                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       27838      3.59%      3.59% |       24140      3.11%      6.71% |       24155      3.12%      9.82% |       24100      3.11%     12.93% |       24065      3.10%     16.03% |       24046      3.10%     19.14% |       24074      3.11%     22.24% |       24065      3.10%     25.35% |       24083      3.11%     28.45% |       24139      3.11%     31.57% |       24178      3.12%     34.69% |       24107      3.11%     37.80% |       24122      3.11%     40.91% |       24096      3.11%     44.02% |       24122      3.11%     47.13% |       24062      3.10%     50.23% |       24322      3.14%     53.37% |       24105      3.11%     56.48% |       24123      3.11%     59.59% |       24105      3.11%     62.70% |       24081      3.11%     65.81% |       24115      3.11%     68.92% |       24086      3.11%     72.03% |       24057      3.10%     75.13% |       24105      3.11%     78.24% |       24152      3.12%     81.35% |       24125      3.11%     84.47% |       24062      3.10%     87.57% |       24109      3.11%     90.68% |       24091      3.11%     93.79% |       24079      3.11%     96.89% |       24077      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       775186                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       26814      3.61%      3.61% |       23116      3.11%      6.73% |       23131      3.12%      9.84% |       23076      3.11%     12.95% |       23041      3.10%     16.05% |       23022      3.10%     19.15% |       23050      3.10%     22.26% |       23041      3.10%     25.36% |       23059      3.11%     28.47% |       23115      3.11%     31.58% |       23154      3.12%     34.70% |       23083      3.11%     37.81% |       23098      3.11%     40.92% |       23072      3.11%     44.03% |       23098      3.11%     47.14% |       23038      3.10%     50.24% |       23298      3.14%     53.38% |       23081      3.11%     56.49% |       23099      3.11%     59.60% |       23081      3.11%     62.71% |       23057      3.11%     65.82% |       23091      3.11%     68.93% |       23062      3.11%     72.03% |       23033      3.10%     75.13% |       23081      3.11%     78.24% |       23128      3.12%     81.36% |       23101      3.11%     84.47% |       23038      3.10%     87.57% |       23085      3.11%     90.68% |       23067      3.11%     93.79% |       23055      3.11%     96.89% |       23053      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       742418                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         930      3.70%      3.70% |         766      3.05%      6.76% |         760      3.03%      9.78% |         749      2.98%     12.77% |         748      2.98%     15.74% |         745      2.97%     18.71% |         775      3.09%     21.80% |         753      3.00%     24.80% |         759      3.02%     27.82% |         744      2.96%     30.78% |         775      3.09%     33.87% |         777      3.09%     36.97% |         779      3.10%     40.07% |         774      3.08%     43.15% |         768      3.06%     46.21% |         778      3.10%     49.31% |         870      3.47%     52.77% |         773      3.08%     55.85% |         781      3.11%     58.96% |         797      3.17%     62.14% |         800      3.19%     65.32% |         795      3.17%     68.49% |         782      3.11%     71.61% |         798      3.18%     74.78% |         801      3.19%     77.97% |         801      3.19%     81.16% |         799      3.18%     84.35% |         785      3.13%     87.47% |         800      3.19%     90.66% |         770      3.07%     93.73% |         788      3.14%     96.87% |         787      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        25107                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          12      6.67%      6.67% |           3      1.67%      8.33% |           5      2.78%     11.11% |          20     11.11%     22.22% |           4      2.22%     24.44% |           3      1.67%     26.11% |           5      2.78%     28.89% |           5      2.78%     31.67% |           6      3.33%     35.00% |           3      1.67%     36.67% |           4      2.22%     38.89% |           6      3.33%     42.22% |           5      2.78%     45.00% |           5      2.78%     47.78% |           8      4.44%     52.22% |           4      2.22%     54.44% |           3      1.67%     56.11% |           3      1.67%     57.78% |           6      3.33%     61.11% |          21     11.67%     72.78% |           4      2.22%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           3      1.67%     76.67% |           2      1.11%     77.78% |           4      2.22%     80.00% |           4      2.22%     82.22% |           5      2.78%     85.00% |           6      3.33%     88.33% |           6      3.33%     91.67% |           5      2.78%     94.44% |           6      3.33%     97.78% |           4      2.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          180                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          89     32.48%     32.48% |           1      0.36%     32.85% |           0      0.00%     32.85% |          19      6.93%     39.78% |           3      1.09%     40.88% |           3      1.09%     41.97% |           4      1.46%     43.43% |           3      1.09%     44.53% |           5      1.82%     46.35% |           3      1.09%     47.45% |           2      0.73%     48.18% |           2      0.73%     48.91% |           3      1.09%     50.00% |           3      1.09%     51.09% |           4      1.46%     52.55% |           3      1.09%     53.65% |          84     30.66%     84.31% |           0      0.00%     84.31% |           1      0.36%     84.67% |          12      4.38%     89.05% |           1      0.36%     89.42% |           0      0.00%     89.42% |           1      0.36%     89.78% |           2      0.73%     90.51% |           3      1.09%     91.61% |           5      1.82%     93.43% |           4      1.46%     94.89% |           5      1.82%     96.72% |           3      1.09%     97.81% |           2      0.73%     98.54% |           2      0.73%     99.27% |           2      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total          274                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1145      3.53%      3.53% |         990      3.05%      6.59% |         990      3.05%      9.64% |         992      3.06%     12.70% |         986      3.04%     15.74% |         969      2.99%     18.73% |         979      3.02%     21.75% |         982      3.03%     24.78% |         982      3.03%     27.81% |         984      3.04%     30.84% |        1024      3.16%     34.00% |        1002      3.09%     37.09% |        1037      3.20%     40.29% |        1025      3.16%     43.45% |        1068      3.29%     46.75% |        1037      3.20%     49.95% |        1145      3.53%     53.48% |        1025      3.16%     56.64% |        1022      3.15%     59.79% |         987      3.04%     62.84% |         969      2.99%     65.83% |        1014      3.13%     68.96% |         983      3.03%     71.99% |         973      3.00%     74.99% |        1019      3.14%     78.13% |        1040      3.21%     81.34% |        1043      3.22%     84.56% |         972      3.00%     87.56% |         992      3.06%     90.62% |        1005      3.10%     93.72% |        1025      3.16%     96.88% |        1012      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        32418                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          90     32.73%     32.73% |           1      0.36%     33.09% |           0      0.00%     33.09% |          17      6.18%     39.27% |           3      1.09%     40.36% |           3      1.09%     41.45% |           4      1.45%     42.91% |           3      1.09%     44.00% |           5      1.82%     45.82% |           3      1.09%     46.91% |           2      0.73%     47.64% |           2      0.73%     48.36% |           3      1.09%     49.45% |           3      1.09%     50.55% |           4      1.45%     52.00% |           3      1.09%     53.09% |          84     30.55%     83.64% |           0      0.00%     83.64% |           1      0.36%     84.00% |          12      4.36%     88.36% |           1      0.36%     88.73% |           0      0.00%     88.73% |           1      0.36%     89.09% |           2      0.73%     89.82% |           3      1.09%     90.91% |           5      1.82%     92.73% |           4      1.45%     94.18% |           7      2.55%     96.73% |           3      1.09%     97.82% |           2      0.73%     98.55% |           2      0.73%     99.27% |           2      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total          275                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       75580      7.25%      7.25% |       32569      3.12%     10.37% |       29193      2.80%     13.18% |       32116      3.08%     16.26% |       29481      2.83%     19.08% |       29376      2.82%     21.90% |       28824      2.77%     24.67% |       29433      2.82%     27.49% |       30149      2.89%     30.38% |       29743      2.85%     33.24% |       32301      3.10%     36.33% |       30613      2.94%     39.27% |       30275      2.90%     42.18% |       30058      2.88%     45.06% |       29360      2.82%     47.88% |       29958      2.87%     50.75% |       31179      2.99%     53.74% |       30047      2.88%     56.62% |       30697      2.94%     59.57% |       31391      3.01%     62.58% |       31839      3.05%     65.63% |       36750      3.53%     69.16% |       31005      2.97%     72.13% |       30976      2.97%     75.10% |       30981      2.97%     78.08% |       30975      2.97%     81.05% |       30894      2.96%     84.01% |       30612      2.94%     86.95% |       32432      3.11%     90.06% |       31885      3.06%     93.12% |       33885      3.25%     96.37% |       37860      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1042437                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         180     11.61%     11.61% |          46      2.97%     14.58% |          46      2.97%     17.55% |          46      2.97%     20.52% |          44      2.84%     23.35% |          44      2.84%     26.19% |          44      2.84%     29.03% |          44      2.84%     31.87% |          44      2.84%     34.71% |          44      2.84%     37.55% |          44      2.84%     40.39% |          44      2.84%     43.23% |          44      2.84%     46.06% |          44      2.84%     48.90% |          44      2.84%     51.74% |          44      2.84%     54.58% |          44      2.84%     57.42% |          44      2.84%     60.26% |          44      2.84%     63.10% |          44      2.84%     65.94% |          44      2.84%     68.77% |          44      2.84%     71.61% |          44      2.84%     74.45% |          44      2.84%     77.29% |          44      2.84%     80.13% |          44      2.84%     82.97% |          44      2.84%     85.81% |          44      2.84%     88.65% |          44      2.84%     91.48% |          44      2.84%     94.32% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         446      3.30%      3.30% |         422      3.13%      6.43% |         414      3.07%      9.50% |         404      2.99%     12.49% |         410      3.04%     15.53% |         401      2.97%     18.50% |         414      3.07%     21.57% |         417      3.09%     24.66% |         407      3.02%     27.68% |         417      3.09%     30.77% |         443      3.28%     34.05% |         436      3.23%     37.28% |         449      3.33%     40.61% |         426      3.16%     43.76% |         446      3.30%     47.07% |         441      3.27%     50.34% |         450      3.33%     53.67% |         440      3.26%     56.93% |         434      3.22%     60.15% |         404      2.99%     63.14% |         385      2.85%     65.99% |         408      3.02%     69.02% |         404      2.99%     72.01% |         395      2.93%     74.94% |         427      3.16%     78.10% |         447      3.31%     81.42% |         436      3.23%     84.65% |         401      2.97%     87.62% |         416      3.08%     90.70% |         426      3.16%     93.86% |         426      3.16%     97.01% |         403      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13495                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       12380      4.33%      4.33% |        8859      3.10%      7.44% |        8877      3.11%     10.55% |        8829      3.09%     13.64% |        8793      3.08%     16.72% |        8778      3.07%     19.79% |        8790      3.08%     22.87% |        8784      3.08%     25.94% |        8805      3.08%     29.03% |        8846      3.10%     32.12% |        8877      3.11%     35.23% |        8791      3.08%     38.31% |        8805      3.08%     41.39% |        8797      3.08%     44.47% |        8808      3.08%     47.56% |        8760      3.07%     50.62% |        8925      3.13%     53.75% |        8789      3.08%     56.83% |        8813      3.09%     59.91% |        8823      3.09%     63.00% |        8807      3.08%     66.09% |        8809      3.08%     69.17% |        8817      3.09%     72.26% |        8786      3.08%     75.33% |        8791      3.08%     78.41% |        8829      3.09%     81.50% |        8808      3.08%     84.59% |        8790      3.08%     87.66% |        8829      3.09%     90.76% |        8802      3.08%     93.84% |        8782      3.07%     96.91% |        8816      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       285595                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       15012      3.15%      3.15% |       14859      3.12%      6.27% |       14864      3.12%      9.40% |       14867      3.12%     12.52% |       14862      3.12%     15.64% |       14867      3.12%     18.76% |       14870      3.12%     21.89% |       14864      3.12%     25.01% |       14871      3.12%     28.13% |       14876      3.12%     31.26% |       14858      3.12%     34.38% |       14880      3.13%     37.50% |       14868      3.12%     40.63% |       14873      3.12%     43.75% |       14868      3.12%     46.87% |       14861      3.12%     49.99% |       14947      3.14%     53.13% |       14876      3.12%     56.26% |       14876      3.12%     59.38% |       14878      3.12%     62.51% |       14890      3.13%     65.64% |       14898      3.13%     68.76% |       14865      3.12%     71.89% |       14876      3.12%     75.01% |       14887      3.13%     78.14% |       14876      3.12%     81.26% |       14881      3.13%     84.39% |       14871      3.12%     87.51% |       14864      3.12%     90.63% |       14863      3.12%     93.76% |       14871      3.12%     96.88% |       14858      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       476097                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |          10      2.60%      2.60% |          11      2.86%      5.47% |          18      4.69%     10.16% |          20      5.21%     15.36% |          13      3.39%     18.75% |          11      2.86%     21.61% |          14      3.65%     25.26% |          15      3.91%     29.17% |          18      4.69%     33.85% |          12      3.12%     36.98% |          13      3.39%     40.36% |          15      3.91%     44.27% |          12      3.12%     47.40% |          11      2.86%     50.26% |          15      3.91%     54.17% |          11      2.86%     57.03% |           9      2.34%     59.38% |           7      1.82%     61.20% |          14      3.65%     64.84% |          14      3.65%     68.49% |           9      2.34%     70.83% |           7      1.82%     72.66% |           8      2.08%     74.74% |           7      1.82%     76.56% |          13      3.39%     79.95% |          14      3.65%     83.59% |          13      3.39%     86.98% |           7      1.82%     88.80% |          12      3.12%     91.93% |          10      2.60%     94.53% |           9      2.34%     96.88% |          12      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          384                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3416      3.09%      3.09% |        3372      3.05%      6.14% |        3131      2.83%      8.98% |        3095      2.80%     11.78% |        3159      2.86%     14.64% |        3642      3.30%     17.93% |        3333      3.02%     20.95% |        2861      2.59%     23.54% |        3146      2.85%     26.39% |        4724      4.28%     30.66% |        3518      3.18%     33.84% |        3378      3.06%     36.90% |        3108      2.81%     39.71% |        3896      3.53%     43.24% |        3415      3.09%     46.33% |        3297      2.98%     49.31% |        3665      3.32%     52.63% |        3712      3.36%     55.99% |        3225      2.92%     58.91% |        2966      2.68%     61.59% |        2675      2.42%     64.01% |        3293      2.98%     66.99% |        3073      2.78%     69.78% |        2954      2.67%     72.45% |        3204      2.90%     75.35% |        3245      2.94%     78.28% |        2803      2.54%     80.82% |        4211      3.81%     84.63% |        3552      3.21%     87.85% |        4776      4.32%     92.17% |        4640      4.20%     96.37% |        4013      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110498                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1585     80.95%     80.95% |          12      0.61%     81.56% |          13      0.66%     82.23% |          23      1.17%     83.40% |          13      0.66%     84.07% |          82      4.19%     88.25% |          22      1.12%     89.38% |           8      0.41%     89.79% |           7      0.36%     90.14% |           0      0.00%     90.14% |          15      0.77%     90.91% |           3      0.15%     91.06% |           3      0.15%     91.22% |           3      0.15%     91.37% |          20      1.02%     92.39% |           2      0.10%     92.49% |          37      1.89%     94.38% |           5      0.26%     94.64% |          65      3.32%     97.96% |           3      0.15%     98.11% |           0      0.00%     98.11% |           5      0.26%     98.37% |           2      0.10%     98.47% |           2      0.10%     98.57% |           5      0.26%     98.83% |           8      0.41%     99.23% |           3      0.15%     99.39% |           3      0.15%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           1      0.05%     99.59% |           8      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         1958                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           1      3.85%     34.62% |           2      7.69%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           4     15.38%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      3.85%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           1      3.85%     69.23% |           3     11.54%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          84     31.94%     31.94% |           2      0.76%     32.70% |           1      0.38%     33.08% |           8      3.04%     36.12% |           3      1.14%     37.26% |           5      1.90%     39.16% |           6      2.28%     41.44% |           3      1.14%     42.59% |           5      1.90%     44.49% |           3      1.14%     45.63% |           2      0.76%     46.39% |           2      0.76%     47.15% |           4      1.52%     48.67% |           3      1.14%     49.81% |           5      1.90%     51.71% |           3      1.14%     52.85% |          84     31.94%     84.79% |           0      0.00%     84.79% |           2      0.76%     85.55% |           4      1.52%     87.07% |           1      0.38%     87.45% |           0      0.00%     87.45% |           1      0.38%     87.83% |           2      0.76%     88.59% |           4      1.52%     90.11% |           5      1.90%     92.02% |           5      1.90%     93.92% |           6      2.28%     96.20% |           3      1.14%     97.34% |           2      0.76%     98.10% |           2      0.76%     98.86% |           3      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total          263                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         451      3.34%      3.34% |         422      3.12%      6.46% |         411      3.04%      9.51% |         413      3.06%     12.57% |         411      3.04%     15.61% |         402      2.98%     18.59% |         417      3.09%     21.68% |         416      3.08%     24.76% |         407      3.01%     27.77% |         415      3.07%     30.84% |         445      3.30%     34.14% |         437      3.24%     37.37% |         447      3.31%     40.68% |         426      3.15%     43.84% |         446      3.30%     47.14% |         439      3.25%     50.39% |         448      3.32%     53.71% |         439      3.25%     56.96% |         432      3.20%     60.16% |         408      3.02%     63.18% |         385      2.85%     66.03% |         406      3.01%     69.04% |         404      2.99%     72.03% |         398      2.95%     74.98% |         430      3.18%     78.16% |         449      3.32%     81.49% |         436      3.23%     84.72% |         400      2.96%     87.68% |         414      3.07%     90.74% |         424      3.14%     93.88% |         423      3.13%     97.02% |         403      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13504                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.30%      4.30% |           8      8.60%     12.90% |           2      2.15%     15.05% |           5      5.38%     20.43% |           2      2.15%     22.58% |           5      5.38%     27.96% |           6      6.45%     34.41% |           0      0.00%     34.41% |           3      3.23%     37.63% |           0      0.00%     37.63% |           2      2.15%     39.78% |           2      2.15%     41.94% |           3      3.23%     45.16% |           0      0.00%     45.16% |           4      4.30%     49.46% |           0      0.00%     49.46% |           1      1.08%     50.54% |           3      3.23%     53.76% |          15     16.13%     69.89% |           3      3.23%     73.12% |           1      1.08%     74.19% |           1      1.08%     75.27% |           2      2.15%     77.42% |           3      3.23%     80.65% |           5      5.38%     86.02% |           2      2.15%     88.17% |           4      4.30%     92.47% |           3      3.23%     95.70% |           1      1.08%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      1.08%     97.85% |           2      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           93                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       40771     23.94%     23.94% |        4721      2.77%     26.72% |        3516      2.06%     28.78% |        4469      2.62%     31.41% |        3711      2.18%     33.59% |        3525      2.07%     35.66% |        3205      1.88%     37.54% |        3496      2.05%     39.59% |        3873      2.27%     41.87% |        3718      2.18%     44.05% |        5816      3.42%     47.47% |        4252      2.50%     49.96% |        3793      2.23%     52.19% |        3773      2.22%     54.41% |        3127      1.84%     56.24% |        3579      2.10%     58.34% |        4405      2.59%     60.93% |        3665      2.15%     63.08% |        3981      2.34%     65.42% |        4056      2.38%     67.80% |        4571      2.68%     70.49% |        7707      4.53%     75.01% |        3706      2.18%     77.19% |        3860      2.27%     79.46% |        3785      2.22%     81.68% |        3894      2.29%     83.97% |        3437      2.02%     85.99% |        3175      1.86%     87.85% |        4173      2.45%     90.30% |        3545      2.08%     92.38% |        4566      2.68%     95.07% |        8402      4.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       170273                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        7380      6.69%      6.69% |        4124      3.74%     10.42% |        1934      1.75%     12.17% |        3948      3.58%     15.75% |        2115      1.92%     17.67% |        2206      2.00%     19.67% |        1959      1.77%     21.44% |        2289      2.07%     23.52% |        2599      2.35%     25.87% |        2303      2.09%     27.96% |        2750      2.49%     30.45% |        2689      2.44%     32.88% |        2805      2.54%     35.43% |        2615      2.37%     37.79% |        2555      2.31%     40.11% |        2758      2.50%     42.61% |        2887      2.62%     45.22% |        2715      2.46%     47.68% |        3014      2.73%     50.41% |        3631      3.29%     53.70% |        3571      3.24%     56.94% |        5336      4.83%     61.77% |        3617      3.28%     65.05% |        3454      3.13%     68.18% |        3517      3.19%     71.37% |        3376      3.06%     74.43% |        3765      3.41%     77.84% |        3772      3.42%     81.25% |        4566      4.14%     85.39% |        4675      4.24%     89.63% |        5666      5.13%     94.76% |        5784      5.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       110375                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       16903      3.85%      3.85% |       13613      3.10%      6.95% |       13630      3.11%     10.06% |       13625      3.11%     13.17% |       13616      3.10%     16.27% |       13625      3.11%     19.37% |       13597      3.10%     22.47% |       13625      3.11%     25.58% |       13629      3.11%     28.68% |       13650      3.11%     31.79% |       13616      3.10%     34.90% |       13607      3.10%     38.00% |       13592      3.10%     41.10% |       13604      3.10%     44.20% |       13598      3.10%     47.30% |       13594      3.10%     50.39% |       13598      3.10%     53.49% |       13615      3.10%     56.60% |       13620      3.10%     59.70% |       13602      3.10%     62.80% |       13596      3.10%     65.90% |       13623      3.10%     69.00% |       13616      3.10%     72.11% |       13603      3.10%     75.21% |       13611      3.10%     78.31% |       13604      3.10%     81.41% |       13601      3.10%     84.51% |       13613      3.10%     87.61% |       13597      3.10%     90.71% |       13598      3.10%     93.81% |       13587      3.10%     96.90% |       13584      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       438792                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        7879      3.21%      3.21% |        7722      3.15%      6.36% |        7723      3.15%      9.50% |        7684      3.13%     12.63% |        7668      3.12%     15.76% |        7661      3.12%     18.88% |        7676      3.13%     22.00% |        7658      3.12%     25.12% |        7666      3.12%     28.25% |        7715      3.14%     31.39% |        7715      3.14%     34.53% |        7671      3.12%     37.66% |        7666      3.12%     40.78% |        7645      3.11%     43.89% |        7638      3.11%     47.00% |        7606      3.10%     50.10% |        7744      3.15%     53.26% |        7643      3.11%     56.37% |        7649      3.12%     59.49% |        7664      3.12%     62.61% |        7668      3.12%     65.73% |        7637      3.11%     68.84% |        7657      3.12%     71.96% |        7638      3.11%     75.07% |        7627      3.11%     78.18% |        7662      3.12%     81.30% |        7635      3.11%     84.41% |        7647      3.12%     87.53% |        7671      3.12%     90.65% |        7669      3.12%     93.78% |        7629      3.11%     96.89% |        7646      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       245479                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          90     32.73%     32.73% |           1      0.36%     33.09% |           0      0.00%     33.09% |          17      6.18%     39.27% |           3      1.09%     40.36% |           3      1.09%     41.45% |           4      1.45%     42.91% |           3      1.09%     44.00% |           5      1.82%     45.82% |           3      1.09%     46.91% |           2      0.73%     47.64% |           2      0.73%     48.36% |           3      1.09%     49.45% |           3      1.09%     50.55% |           4      1.45%     52.00% |           3      1.09%     53.09% |          84     30.55%     83.64% |           0      0.00%     83.64% |           1      0.36%     84.00% |          12      4.36%     88.36% |           1      0.36%     88.73% |           0      0.00%     88.73% |           1      0.36%     89.09% |           2      0.73%     89.82% |           3      1.09%     90.91% |           5      1.82%     92.73% |           4      1.45%     94.18% |           7      2.55%     96.73% |           3      1.09%     97.82% |           2      0.73%     98.55% |           2      0.73%     99.27% |           2      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total          275                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          35     71.43%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |          14     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       73535      7.48%      7.48% |       30770      3.13%     10.60% |       27388      2.78%     13.39% |       30313      3.08%     16.47% |       27693      2.82%     19.28% |       27604      2.81%     22.09% |       27026      2.75%     24.84% |       27649      2.81%     27.65% |       28351      2.88%     30.53% |       27966      2.84%     33.37% |       30480      3.10%     36.47% |       28808      2.93%     39.40% |       28442      2.89%     42.29% |       28222      2.87%     45.16% |       27508      2.80%     47.96% |       28123      2.86%     50.82% |       29220      2.97%     53.79% |       28224      2.87%     56.65% |       28865      2.93%     59.59% |       29541      3.00%     62.59% |       29992      3.05%     65.64% |       34886      3.55%     69.19% |       29182      2.97%     72.15% |       29143      2.96%     75.12% |       29130      2.96%     78.08% |       29124      2.96%     81.04% |       29028      2.95%     83.99% |       28796      2.93%     86.92% |       30594      3.11%     90.03% |       30075      3.06%     93.08% |       32034      3.26%     96.34% |       36004      3.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       983716                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          44      2.89%      2.89% |          45      2.96%      5.85% |          48      3.15%      9.00% |          45      2.96%     11.96% |          47      3.09%     15.05% |          45      2.96%     18.00% |          49      3.22%     21.22% |          49      3.22%     24.44% |          46      3.02%     27.46% |          51      3.35%     30.81% |          52      3.42%     34.23% |          51      3.35%     37.58% |          49      3.22%     40.80% |          51      3.35%     44.15% |          56      3.68%     47.83% |          52      3.42%     51.25% |          58      3.81%     55.06% |          55      3.61%     58.67% |          55      3.61%     62.29% |          50      3.29%     65.57% |          50      3.29%     68.86% |          50      3.29%     72.14% |          50      3.29%     75.43% |          44      2.89%     78.32% |          45      2.96%     81.27% |          43      2.83%     84.10% |          42      2.76%     86.86% |          39      2.56%     89.42% |          38      2.50%     91.92% |          39      2.56%     94.48% |          41      2.69%     97.17% |          43      2.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total         1522                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |        1363      3.24%      3.24% |        1289      3.06%      6.30% |        1295      3.08%      9.38% |        1278      3.04%     12.42% |        1274      3.03%     15.44% |        1262      3.00%     18.44% |        1283      3.05%     21.49% |        1268      3.01%     24.50% |        1284      3.05%     27.55% |        1259      2.99%     30.55% |        1302      3.09%     33.64% |        1293      3.07%     36.71% |        1318      3.13%     39.84% |        1321      3.14%     42.98% |        1333      3.17%     46.15% |        1322      3.14%     49.29% |        1344      3.19%     52.49% |        1307      3.11%     55.59% |        1319      3.13%     58.73% |        1331      3.16%     61.89% |        1336      3.17%     65.06% |        1353      3.21%     68.28% |        1312      3.12%     71.40% |        1326      3.15%     74.55% |        1342      3.19%     77.74% |        1343      3.19%     80.93% |        1360      3.23%     84.16% |        1311      3.12%     87.27% |        1340      3.18%     90.46% |        1313      3.12%     93.58% |        1351      3.21%     96.79% |        1352      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        42084                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.63%      2.63% |           0      0.00%      2.63% |           0      0.00%      2.63% |           0      0.00%      2.63% |           2      5.26%      7.89% |           0      0.00%      7.89% |           0      0.00%      7.89% |           0      0.00%      7.89% |           1      2.63%     10.53% |           1      2.63%     13.16% |           0      0.00%     13.16% |           0      0.00%     13.16% |           6     15.79%     28.95% |           0      0.00%     28.95% |           0      0.00%     28.95% |           0      0.00%     28.95% |           0      0.00%     28.95% |           0      0.00%     28.95% |           0      0.00%     28.95% |           0      0.00%     28.95% |           0      0.00%     28.95% |           8     21.05%     50.00% |           9     23.68%     73.68% |          10     26.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |          16      4.11%      4.11% |          10      2.57%      6.68% |           9      2.31%      9.00% |           8      2.06%     11.05% |          11      2.83%     13.88% |           8      2.06%     15.94% |          10      2.57%     18.51% |           9      2.31%     20.82% |          11      2.83%     23.65% |          13      3.34%     26.99% |          15      3.86%     30.85% |           8      2.06%     32.90% |          14      3.60%     36.50% |          11      2.83%     39.33% |          15      3.86%     43.19% |          10      2.57%     45.76% |          14      3.60%     49.36% |          12      3.08%     52.44% |          11      2.83%     55.27% |           7      1.80%     57.07% |          16      4.11%     61.18% |          18      4.63%     65.81% |          12      3.08%     68.89% |          11      2.83%     71.72% |          16      4.11%     75.84% |          14      3.60%     79.43% |          13      3.34%     82.78% |          10      2.57%     85.35% |          14      3.60%     88.95% |          13      3.34%     92.29% |          18      4.63%     96.92% |          12      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          389                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      1.01%      1.01% |           1      1.01%      2.02% |           5      5.05%      7.07% |           4      4.04%     11.11% |           2      2.02%     13.13% |           4      4.04%     17.17% |           3      3.03%     20.20% |           4      4.04%     24.24% |           1      1.01%     25.25% |           3      3.03%     28.28% |           6      6.06%     34.34% |           7      7.07%     41.41% |           4      4.04%     45.45% |           3      3.03%     48.48% |           7      7.07%     55.56% |           5      5.05%     60.61% |           5      5.05%     65.66% |           4      4.04%     69.70% |           9      9.09%     78.79% |           2      2.02%     80.81% |           3      3.03%     83.84% |           2      2.02%     85.86% |           2      2.02%     87.88% |           1      1.01%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           2      2.02%     90.91% |           3      3.03%     93.94% |           3      3.03%     96.97% |           1      1.01%     97.98% |           2      2.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           99                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           2      0.70%      0.70% |           2      0.70%      1.41% |           1      0.35%      1.76% |           2      0.70%      2.46% |           8      2.82%      5.28% |           9      3.17%      8.45% |          10      3.52%     11.97% |           7      2.46%     14.44% |           9      3.17%     17.61% |           9      3.17%     20.77% |           9      3.17%     23.94% |          14      4.93%     28.87% |          15      5.28%     34.15% |          19      6.69%     40.85% |          13      4.58%     45.42% |          12      4.23%     49.65% |          10      3.52%     53.17% |          13      4.58%     57.75% |           8      2.82%     60.56% |          12      4.23%     64.79% |           8      2.82%     67.61% |          13      4.58%     72.18% |           9      3.17%     75.35% |           9      3.17%     78.52% |           7      2.46%     80.99% |          10      3.52%     84.51% |           5      1.76%     86.27% |           7      2.46%     88.73% |          10      3.52%     92.25% |           8      2.82%     95.07% |           7      2.46%     97.54% |           7      2.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          284                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       26814      3.61%      3.61% |       23116      3.11%      6.73% |       23131      3.12%      9.84% |       23076      3.11%     12.95% |       23041      3.10%     16.05% |       23022      3.10%     19.15% |       23050      3.10%     22.26% |       23041      3.10%     25.36% |       23059      3.11%     28.47% |       23115      3.11%     31.58% |       23154      3.12%     34.70% |       23083      3.11%     37.81% |       23098      3.11%     40.92% |       23072      3.11%     44.03% |       23098      3.11%     47.14% |       23038      3.10%     50.24% |       23298      3.14%     53.38% |       23081      3.11%     56.49% |       23099      3.11%     59.60% |       23081      3.11%     62.71% |       23057      3.11%     65.82% |       23091      3.11%     68.93% |       23062      3.11%     72.03% |       23033      3.10%     75.13% |       23081      3.11%     78.24% |       23128      3.12%     81.36% |       23101      3.11%     84.47% |       23038      3.10%     87.57% |       23085      3.11%     90.68% |       23067      3.11%     93.79% |       23055      3.11%     96.89% |       23053      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       742418                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           1      4.55%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           1      4.55%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           1      4.55%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           1      4.55%     50.00% |           1      4.55%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           1      4.55%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           2      9.09%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     50.47%     50.47% |           1      0.93%     51.40% |           3      2.80%     54.21% |           2      1.87%     56.07% |           2      1.87%     57.94% |           1      0.93%     58.88% |           1      0.93%     59.81% |           0      0.00%     59.81% |           0      0.00%     59.81% |           1      0.93%     60.75% |           3      2.80%     63.55% |           2      1.87%     65.42% |           0      0.00%     65.42% |           1      0.93%     66.36% |           2      1.87%     68.22% |           1      0.93%     69.16% |           1      0.93%     70.09% |           1      0.93%     71.03% |           4      3.74%     74.77% |           2      1.87%     76.64% |           1      0.93%     77.57% |           2      1.87%     79.44% |           3      2.80%     82.24% |           1      0.93%     83.18% |           4      3.74%     86.92% |           1      0.93%     87.85% |           2      1.87%     89.72% |           2      1.87%     91.59% |           3      2.80%     94.39% |           2      1.87%     96.26% |           3      2.80%     99.07% |           1      0.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          107                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           1      4.00%      8.00% |           1      4.00%     12.00% |           0      0.00%     12.00% |           1      4.00%     16.00% |           0      0.00%     16.00% |           1      4.00%     20.00% |           1      4.00%     24.00% |           2      8.00%     32.00% |           1      4.00%     36.00% |           2      8.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           0      0.00%     52.00% |           2      8.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      4.00%     64.00% |           1      4.00%     68.00% |           1      4.00%     72.00% |           1      4.00%     76.00% |           2      8.00%     84.00% |           1      4.00%     88.00% |           2      8.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |          45      3.11%      3.11% |          44      3.04%      6.15% |          45      3.11%      9.26% |          43      2.97%     12.23% |          45      3.11%     15.34% |          44      3.04%     18.38% |          47      3.25%     21.63% |          49      3.39%     25.02% |          45      3.11%     28.13% |          50      3.46%     31.58% |          48      3.32%     34.90% |          49      3.39%     38.29% |          48      3.32%     41.60% |          49      3.39%     44.99% |          52      3.59%     48.58% |          50      3.46%     52.04% |          55      3.80%     55.84% |          54      3.73%     59.57% |          51      3.52%     63.10% |          47      3.25%     66.34% |          48      3.32%     69.66% |          48      3.32%     72.98% |          45      3.11%     76.09% |          44      3.04%     79.13% |          40      2.76%     81.89% |          41      2.83%     84.73% |          39      2.70%     87.42% |          36      2.49%     89.91% |          33      2.28%     92.19% |          36      2.49%     94.68% |          36      2.49%     97.17% |          41      2.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total         1447                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     41.67%     41.67% |           7     58.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |          10      3.69%      3.69% |          11      4.06%      7.75% |          15      5.54%     13.28% |          15      5.54%     18.82% |          11      4.06%     22.88% |          10      3.69%     26.57% |          12      4.43%     31.00% |          11      4.06%     35.06% |          12      4.43%     39.48% |           9      3.32%     42.80% |           6      2.21%     45.02% |           8      2.95%     47.97% |           7      2.58%     50.55% |           8      2.95%     53.51% |           6      2.21%     55.72% |           7      2.58%     58.30% |           5      1.85%     60.15% |           6      2.21%     62.36% |          14      5.17%     67.53% |          12      4.43%     71.96% |           7      2.58%     74.54% |           7      2.58%     77.12% |           5      1.85%     78.97% |           6      2.21%     81.18% |          12      4.43%     85.61% |          11      4.06%     89.67% |          11      4.06%     93.73% |           2      0.74%     94.46% |           4      1.48%     95.94% |           5      1.85%     97.79% |           1      0.37%     98.15% |           5      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          271                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         794      3.21%      3.21% |         764      3.09%      6.29% |         757      3.06%      9.35% |         744      3.00%     12.35% |         743      3.00%     15.35% |         741      2.99%     18.35% |         770      3.11%     21.46% |         750      3.03%     24.49% |         754      3.05%     27.53% |         740      2.99%     30.52% |         770      3.11%     33.63% |         773      3.12%     36.75% |         776      3.13%     39.89% |         770      3.11%     43.00% |         762      3.08%     46.07% |         774      3.13%     49.20% |         785      3.17%     52.37% |         772      3.12%     55.49% |         776      3.13%     58.62% |         795      3.21%     61.83% |         798      3.22%     65.05% |         793      3.20%     68.26% |         778      3.14%     71.40% |         795      3.21%     74.61% |         794      3.21%     77.82% |         795      3.21%     81.03% |         793      3.20%     84.23% |         778      3.14%     87.37% |         794      3.21%     90.58% |         766      3.09%     93.67% |         783      3.16%     96.83% |         784      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total        24761                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           4      3.36%      3.36% |           3      2.52%      5.88% |           5      4.20%     10.08% |           6      5.04%     15.13% |           4      3.36%     18.49% |           3      2.52%     21.01% |           4      3.36%     24.37% |           4      3.36%     27.73% |           5      4.20%     31.93% |           3      2.52%     34.45% |           3      2.52%     36.97% |           6      5.04%     42.02% |           4      3.36%     45.38% |           4      3.36%     48.74% |           6      5.04%     53.78% |           3      2.52%     56.30% |           1      0.84%     57.14% |           3      2.52%     59.66% |           6      5.04%     64.71% |           8      6.72%     71.43% |           3      2.52%     73.95% |           0      0.00%     73.95% |           1      0.84%     74.79% |           2      1.68%     76.47% |           3      2.52%     78.99% |           3      2.52%     81.51% |           4      3.36%     84.87% |           3      2.52%     87.39% |           4      3.36%     90.76% |           4      3.36%     94.12% |           4      3.36%     97.48% |           3      2.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total          119                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         565      3.28%      3.28% |         522      3.03%      6.32% |         533      3.10%      9.42% |         528      3.07%     12.49% |         527      3.06%     15.55% |         518      3.01%     18.56% |         509      2.96%     21.52% |         514      2.99%     24.51% |         525      3.05%     27.56% |         516      3.00%     30.56% |         529      3.07%     33.63% |         514      2.99%     36.62% |         538      3.13%     39.75% |         547      3.18%     42.93% |         565      3.28%     46.21% |         545      3.17%     49.38% |         558      3.24%     52.62% |         532      3.09%     55.71% |         537      3.12%     58.84% |         528      3.07%     61.90% |         535      3.11%     65.01% |         560      3.26%     68.27% |         533      3.10%     71.37% |         529      3.07%     74.44% |         545      3.17%     77.61% |         545      3.17%     80.78% |         563      3.27%     84.05% |         530      3.08%     87.13% |         542      3.15%     90.28% |         543      3.16%     93.44% |         564      3.28%     96.72% |         565      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        17204                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |           5     21.74%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |          10     43.48%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           8     34.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         451      3.34%      3.34% |         422      3.12%      6.46% |         411      3.04%      9.51% |         413      3.06%     12.57% |         411      3.04%     15.61% |         402      2.98%     18.59% |         417      3.09%     21.68% |         416      3.08%     24.76% |         407      3.01%     27.77% |         415      3.07%     30.84% |         445      3.30%     34.14% |         437      3.24%     37.37% |         447      3.31%     40.68% |         426      3.15%     43.84% |         446      3.30%     47.14% |         439      3.25%     50.39% |         448      3.32%     53.71% |         439      3.25%     56.96% |         432      3.20%     60.16% |         408      3.02%     63.18% |         385      2.85%     66.03% |         406      3.01%     69.04% |         404      2.99%     72.03% |         398      2.95%     74.98% |         430      3.18%     78.16% |         449      3.32%     81.49% |         436      3.23%     84.72% |         400      2.96%     87.68% |         414      3.07%     90.74% |         424      3.14%     93.88% |         423      3.13%     97.02% |         403      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13504                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          84     33.47%     33.47% |           1      0.40%     33.86% |           0      0.00%     33.86% |           9      3.59%     37.45% |           3      1.20%     38.65% |           3      1.20%     39.84% |           4      1.59%     41.43% |           3      1.20%     42.63% |           5      1.99%     44.62% |           3      1.20%     45.82% |           2      0.80%     46.61% |           2      0.80%     47.41% |           3      1.20%     48.61% |           3      1.20%     49.80% |           4      1.59%     51.39% |           3      1.20%     52.59% |          84     33.47%     86.06% |           0      0.00%     86.06% |           1      0.40%     86.45% |           4      1.59%     88.05% |           1      0.40%     88.45% |           0      0.00%     88.45% |           1      0.40%     88.84% |           2      0.80%     89.64% |           3      1.20%     90.84% |           5      1.99%     92.83% |           4      1.59%     94.42% |           5      1.99%     96.41% |           3      1.20%     97.61% |           2      0.80%     98.41% |           2      0.80%     99.20% |           2      0.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          251                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          84     31.94%     31.94% |           2      0.76%     32.70% |           1      0.38%     33.08% |           8      3.04%     36.12% |           3      1.14%     37.26% |           5      1.90%     39.16% |           6      2.28%     41.44% |           3      1.14%     42.59% |           5      1.90%     44.49% |           3      1.14%     45.63% |           2      0.76%     46.39% |           2      0.76%     47.15% |           4      1.52%     48.67% |           3      1.14%     49.81% |           5      1.90%     51.71% |           3      1.14%     52.85% |          84     31.94%     84.79% |           0      0.00%     84.79% |           2      0.76%     85.55% |           4      1.52%     87.07% |           1      0.38%     87.45% |           0      0.00%     87.45% |           1      0.38%     87.83% |           2      0.76%     88.59% |           4      1.52%     90.11% |           5      1.90%     92.02% |           5      1.90%     93.92% |           6      2.28%     96.20% |           3      1.14%     97.34% |           2      0.76%     98.10% |           2      0.76%     98.86% |           3      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total          263                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       12379      4.33%      4.33% |        8859      3.10%      7.44% |        8877      3.11%     10.54% |        8829      3.09%     13.64% |        8793      3.08%     16.71% |        8778      3.07%     19.79% |        8790      3.08%     22.87% |        8784      3.08%     25.94% |        8805      3.08%     29.03% |        8846      3.10%     32.12% |        8877      3.11%     35.23% |        8791      3.08%     38.31% |        8805      3.08%     41.39% |        8797      3.08%     44.47% |        8808      3.08%     47.56% |        8760      3.07%     50.62% |        8925      3.13%     53.75% |        8789      3.08%     56.83% |        8813      3.09%     59.91% |        8823      3.09%     63.00% |        8807      3.08%     66.09% |        8809      3.08%     69.17% |        8817      3.09%     72.26% |        8786      3.08%     75.33% |        8791      3.08%     78.41% |        8829      3.09%     81.50% |        8808      3.08%     84.59% |        8790      3.08%     87.66% |        8829      3.09%     90.76% |        8802      3.08%     93.84% |        8782      3.07%     96.91% |        8816      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       285594                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         447      3.31%      3.31% |         422      3.13%      6.44% |         414      3.07%      9.51% |         404      2.99%     12.50% |         410      3.04%     15.54% |         401      2.97%     18.51% |         414      3.07%     21.58% |         417      3.09%     24.67% |         407      3.02%     27.68% |         417      3.09%     30.77% |         443      3.28%     34.06% |         436      3.23%     37.29% |         449      3.33%     40.62% |         426      3.16%     43.77% |         446      3.30%     47.08% |         441      3.27%     50.34% |         450      3.33%     53.68% |         440      3.26%     56.94% |         434      3.22%     60.16% |         404      2.99%     63.15% |         384      2.85%     65.99% |         408      3.02%     69.02% |         404      2.99%     72.01% |         395      2.93%     74.94% |         427      3.16%     78.10% |         447      3.31%     81.42% |         436      3.23%     84.65% |         401      2.97%     87.62% |         416      3.08%     90.70% |         426      3.16%     93.86% |         426      3.16%     97.01% |         403      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13495                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       15012      3.15%      3.15% |       14859      3.12%      6.27% |       14864      3.12%      9.40% |       14867      3.12%     12.52% |       14862      3.12%     15.64% |       14867      3.12%     18.76% |       14870      3.12%     21.89% |       14864      3.12%     25.01% |       14871      3.12%     28.13% |       14876      3.12%     31.26% |       14858      3.12%     34.38% |       14880      3.13%     37.50% |       14868      3.12%     40.63% |       14873      3.12%     43.75% |       14868      3.12%     46.87% |       14861      3.12%     49.99% |       14947      3.14%     53.13% |       14876      3.12%     56.26% |       14876      3.12%     59.38% |       14878      3.12%     62.51% |       14890      3.13%     65.64% |       14898      3.13%     68.76% |       14865      3.12%     71.89% |       14876      3.12%     75.01% |       14887      3.13%     78.14% |       14876      3.12%     81.26% |       14881      3.13%     84.39% |       14871      3.12%     87.51% |       14864      3.12%     90.63% |       14863      3.12%     93.76% |       14871      3.12%     96.88% |       14858      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       476097                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           6     12.24%     18.37% |           2      4.08%     22.45% |           3      6.12%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      2.04%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           1      2.04%     32.65% |           4      8.16%     40.82% |           0      0.00%     40.82% |           2      4.08%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           1      2.04%     46.94% |           2      4.08%     51.02% |          13     26.53%     77.55% |           3      6.12%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           1      2.04%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3      6.12%     91.84% |           4      8.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       75577      7.25%      7.25% |       32563      3.12%     10.37% |       29191      2.80%     13.17% |       32113      3.08%     16.26% |       29481      2.83%     19.08% |       29376      2.82%     21.90% |       28824      2.77%     24.67% |       29433      2.82%     27.49% |       30148      2.89%     30.38% |       29743      2.85%     33.24% |       32301      3.10%     36.33% |       30612      2.94%     39.27% |       30271      2.90%     42.18% |       30058      2.88%     45.06% |       29358      2.82%     47.88% |       29958      2.87%     50.75% |       31178      2.99%     53.74% |       30045      2.88%     56.62% |       30684      2.94%     59.57% |       31388      3.01%     62.58% |       31839      3.05%     65.63% |       36750      3.53%     69.16% |       31005      2.97%     72.13% |       30976      2.97%     75.10% |       30980      2.97%     78.08% |       30975      2.97%     81.05% |       30891      2.96%     84.01% |       30608      2.94%     86.95% |       32432      3.11%     90.06% |       31885      3.06%     93.12% |       33885      3.25%     96.37% |       37860      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1042388                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |          77     35.00%     35.00% |           1      0.45%     35.45% |           0      0.00%     35.45% |           3      1.36%     36.82% |           3      1.36%     38.18% |           3      1.36%     39.55% |           4      1.82%     41.36% |           3      1.36%     42.73% |           5      2.27%     45.00% |           3      1.36%     46.36% |           2      0.91%     47.27% |           2      0.91%     48.18% |           3      1.36%     49.55% |           2      0.91%     50.45% |           4      1.82%     52.27% |           3      1.36%     53.64% |          73     33.18%     86.82% |           0      0.00%     86.82% |           1      0.45%     87.27% |           0      0.00%     87.27% |           1      0.45%     87.73% |           0      0.00%     87.73% |           1      0.45%     88.18% |           2      0.91%     89.09% |           3      1.36%     90.45% |           5      2.27%     92.73% |           3      1.36%     94.09% |           4      1.82%     95.91% |           3      1.36%     97.27% |           2      0.91%     98.18% |           2      0.91%     99.09% |           2      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total          220                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |           8     22.86%     22.86% |           0      0.00%     22.86% |           0      0.00%     22.86% |          13     37.14%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |          12     34.29%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           2      5.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           5     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           1      5.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |          11     55.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           5     26.32%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           1      5.26%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |          11     57.89%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           1      5.26%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          85     33.33%     33.33% |           1      0.39%     33.73% |           0      0.00%     33.73% |          16      6.27%     40.00% |           3      1.18%     41.18% |           3      1.18%     42.35% |           4      1.57%     43.92% |           3      1.18%     45.10% |           5      1.96%     47.06% |           3      1.18%     48.24% |           2      0.78%     49.02% |           2      0.78%     49.80% |           3      1.18%     50.98% |           2      0.78%     51.76% |           4      1.57%     53.33% |           3      1.18%     54.51% |          73     28.63%     83.14% |           0      0.00%     83.14% |           1      0.39%     83.53% |          12      4.71%     88.24% |           1      0.39%     88.63% |           0      0.00%     88.63% |           1      0.39%     89.02% |           2      0.78%     89.80% |           3      1.18%     90.98% |           5      1.96%     92.94% |           3      1.18%     94.12% |           6      2.35%     96.47% |           3      1.18%     97.65% |           2      0.78%     98.43% |           2      0.78%     99.22% |           2      0.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total          255                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       65290     17.88%     17.88% |      182607     50.00%     67.88% |        5038      1.38%     69.26% |        5202      1.42%     70.68% |        3848      1.05%     71.73% |        6273      1.72%     73.45% |        3837      1.05%     74.50% |        4087      1.12%     75.62% |        3593      0.98%     76.61% |        3734      1.02%     77.63% |        3693      1.01%     78.64% |        3673      1.01%     79.65% |        3959      1.08%     80.73% |        3750      1.03%     81.76% |        3405      0.93%     82.69% |        3598      0.99%     83.67% |        3730      1.02%     84.69% |        4033      1.10%     85.80% |        3877      1.06%     86.86% |        3524      0.96%     87.83% |        3498      0.96%     88.78% |        3660      1.00%     89.79% |        3734      1.02%     90.81% |        3366      0.92%     91.73% |        3652      1.00%     92.73% |        3836      1.05%     93.78% |        3629      0.99%     94.77% |        3431      0.94%     95.71% |        3735      1.02%     96.74% |        3967      1.09%     97.82% |        3926      1.07%     98.90% |        4029      1.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       365214                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       65290     17.88%     17.88% |      182607     50.00%     67.88% |        5038      1.38%     69.26% |        5202      1.42%     70.68% |        3848      1.05%     71.73% |        6273      1.72%     73.45% |        3837      1.05%     74.50% |        4087      1.12%     75.62% |        3593      0.98%     76.61% |        3734      1.02%     77.63% |        3693      1.01%     78.64% |        3673      1.01%     79.65% |        3959      1.08%     80.73% |        3750      1.03%     81.76% |        3405      0.93%     82.69% |        3598      0.99%     83.67% |        3730      1.02%     84.69% |        4033      1.10%     85.80% |        3877      1.06%     86.86% |        3524      0.96%     87.83% |        3498      0.96%     88.78% |        3660      1.00%     89.79% |        3734      1.02%     90.81% |        3366      0.92%     91.73% |        3652      1.00%     92.73% |        3836      1.05%     93.78% |        3629      0.99%     94.77% |        3431      0.94%     95.71% |        3735      1.02%     96.74% |        3967      1.09%     97.82% |        3926      1.07%     98.90% |        4029      1.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       365214                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       65290     17.88%     17.88% |      182607     50.00%     67.88% |        5038      1.38%     69.26% |        5202      1.42%     70.68% |        3848      1.05%     71.73% |        6273      1.72%     73.45% |        3837      1.05%     74.50% |        4087      1.12%     75.62% |        3593      0.98%     76.61% |        3734      1.02%     77.63% |        3693      1.01%     78.64% |        3673      1.01%     79.65% |        3959      1.08%     80.73% |        3750      1.03%     81.76% |        3405      0.93%     82.69% |        3598      0.99%     83.67% |        3730      1.02%     84.69% |        4033      1.10%     85.80% |        3877      1.06%     86.86% |        3524      0.96%     87.83% |        3498      0.96%     88.78% |        3660      1.00%     89.79% |        3734      1.02%     90.81% |        3366      0.92%     91.73% |        3652      1.00%     92.73% |        3836      1.05%     93.78% |        3629      0.99%     94.77% |        3431      0.94%     95.71% |        3735      1.02%     96.74% |        3967      1.09%     97.82% |        3926      1.07%     98.90% |        4029      1.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       365214                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       65290     17.88%     17.88% |      182607     50.00%     67.88% |        5038      1.38%     69.26% |        5202      1.42%     70.68% |        3848      1.05%     71.73% |        6273      1.72%     73.45% |        3837      1.05%     74.50% |        4087      1.12%     75.62% |        3593      0.98%     76.61% |        3734      1.02%     77.63% |        3693      1.01%     78.64% |        3673      1.01%     79.65% |        3959      1.08%     80.73% |        3750      1.03%     81.76% |        3405      0.93%     82.69% |        3598      0.99%     83.67% |        3730      1.02%     84.69% |        4033      1.10%     85.80% |        3877      1.06%     86.86% |        3524      0.96%     87.83% |        3498      0.96%     88.78% |        3660      1.00%     89.79% |        3734      1.02%     90.81% |        3366      0.92%     91.73% |        3652      1.00%     92.73% |        3836      1.05%     93.78% |        3629      0.99%     94.77% |        3431      0.94%     95.71% |        3735      1.02%     96.74% |        3967      1.09%     97.82% |        3926      1.07%     98.90% |        4029      1.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       365214                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
