
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.119633                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                119632878000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5295800956500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                   6927                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    12268                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               15175468                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6092556                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7883.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    54607861                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      96712019                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     42438656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          42438656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     20033216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       20033216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       663104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             663104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       313019                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            313019                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    354740743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            354740743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    167455772                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           167455772                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    522196515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           522196515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     663104                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    313019                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   663104                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  313019                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              42419776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  18880                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               20033088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               42438656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            20033216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   295                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            41869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            41367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            40963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            41391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            40829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            41500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            42068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            42086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            41468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            41114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           41015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           41480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           40781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           41271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           41683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           41924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            19622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            19475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            19517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            19587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            19398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            19554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            19807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            19906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            19570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            19495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           19397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           19519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           19370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           19463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           19703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           19634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    66054                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    11624                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 119632378000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               663104                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              313019                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 178063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  23137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  21859                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  22540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  22714                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  22785                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  22518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                  22113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                  20762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                  20131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                 18898                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                 17578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                 16467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                 15297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                 13982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                 13030                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                 12245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                 11538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                 10616                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  9971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  9031                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  8449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  7963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  7349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  6957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  6673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  6173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  5810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  5593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  5396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  5400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 71771                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  45160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  50444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  53084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  54147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  54461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  17417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  16463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  21843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       316253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   197.474503                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   151.282782                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.461099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       106115     33.55%     33.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        97935     30.97%     64.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73442     23.22%     87.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19368      6.12%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14292      4.52%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2762      0.87%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1197      0.38%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          739      0.23%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          403      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       316253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        46965                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.112744                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.086227                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        46708     99.45%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          217      0.46%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           33      0.07%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            5      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        46965                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        46965                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.664899                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.162952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.136159                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          36316     77.33%     77.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5492     11.69%     89.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2900      6.17%     95.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2257      4.81%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        46965                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 75799343374                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            88227012124                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3314045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   114360.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              133110.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      354.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      167.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   354.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   167.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        4.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.77                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      3.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  489058                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 170504                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               54.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    122558.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   67.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20214216500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3994640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    95420280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0             1201752720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1             1189059480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              655718250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              648792375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            2590107000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            2579616000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1016472240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1011845520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         7813515840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         7813515840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49318324605                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        48843278910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        28515234750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        28931941500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          91111125405                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          91018049625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          761.619096                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          760.841054                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     41903232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          41903232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     19479744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       19479744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       654738                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             654738                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       304371                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            304371                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    350265184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            350265184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    162829352                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           162829352                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    513094536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           513094536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     654738                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    304371                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   654738                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  304371                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              41882560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  20672                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               19479552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               41903232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            19479744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   323                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            41276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            40993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            40381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            40622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            40518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            40928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            42015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            41473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            40818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            40704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           40268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           40763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           40350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           40828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           41270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           41208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            19055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            18942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            18978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            18971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            18950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            19109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            19196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            19414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            18957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            18992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           18834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           18894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           18909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           19002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           19028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           19137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    62987                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    11184                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 119632126000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               654738                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              304371                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 170903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  21883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  22046                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  22792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  22967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  22951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  22529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                  22051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                  21280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                  20021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                 19055                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                 17651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                 16543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                 15221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                 14222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                 13244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                 12207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                 11360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                 10608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  9804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  9157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  8644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  8047                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  7790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  7180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  6758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  6329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  6063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  5835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  5550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  5259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 68465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  43518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  48824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  51578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  52808                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  53018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  17320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  16219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  21086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       303129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   202.426083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   154.976113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   151.648890                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        99334     32.77%     32.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        91437     30.16%     62.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73360     24.20%     87.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19324      6.37%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14386      4.75%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2823      0.93%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1296      0.43%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          777      0.26%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          392      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       303129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45334                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.435302                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.960583                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        45103     99.49%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          197      0.43%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           25      0.06%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        45334                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45334                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.713901                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.198335                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.180506                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34745     76.64%     76.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5518     12.17%     88.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2751      6.07%     94.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2320      5.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        45334                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 74915477309                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            87185758559                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3272075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   114477.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              133227.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      350.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      162.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   350.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   162.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        4.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.76                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  486218                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 169428                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                74.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               55.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    124732.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   68.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20699153750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3994640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    94934425000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0             1156498560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1             1135103760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              631026000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              619352250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            2559944400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            2544313200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            988932240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            983340000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         7813515840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         7813515840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        48108665475                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        47884481055                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        29576339250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        29772992250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          90834921765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          90753098355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          759.310246                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          758.626265                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     41862784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          41862784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     19469440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       19469440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       654106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             654106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       304210                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            304210                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    349927083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            349927083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    162743222                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           162743222                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    512670305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           512670305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     654106                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    304210                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   654106                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  304210                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              41846080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  16704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               19469248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               41862784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            19469440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   261                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            41110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            40931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            40634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            40521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            40624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            40736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            42002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            41241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            40740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            40655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           40526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           40696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           40497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           40521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           41366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           41045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            19060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            18980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            18921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            18930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            18990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            19053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            19230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            19326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            18999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            19015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           18777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           18900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           18918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           18946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           19093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           19069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    60567                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    12020                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 119632834000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               654106                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              304210                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 171028                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  21815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  21960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  22603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  23049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  23190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  22760                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                  22232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                  21326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                  20563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                 19397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                 18200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                 16981                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                 15499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                 14290                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                 13534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                 12471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                 11580                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                 10549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  9815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  9095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  8490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  7894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  7351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  7061                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  6595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  6178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  5823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  5726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  5515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  5402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 65873                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  43521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  48784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  51380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  52606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  52763                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  17218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  16113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  21825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       301572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   203.316913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   155.868943                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   151.600480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        97747     32.41%     32.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        91005     30.18%     62.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73901     24.51%     87.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19316      6.41%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14338      4.75%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2807      0.93%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1285      0.43%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          783      0.26%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          390      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       301572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45340                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.420820                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.008539                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        45110     99.49%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          191      0.42%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           28      0.06%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            8      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        45340                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45340                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.709462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.196987                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.166382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34682     76.49%     76.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5591     12.33%     88.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2790      6.15%     94.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2277      5.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        45340                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 73870030024                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            86129623774                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                3269225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   112977.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              131727.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      349.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      162.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   349.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   162.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        4.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    2.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.75                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  485958                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 170515                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                74.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               56.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    124836.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   68.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20829415750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3994640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    94804163000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0             1148303520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1             1131467400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              626554500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              617368125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            2556730800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            2543073000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            988089840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            983093760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         7813515840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         7813515840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        48350866455                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        47841633585                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        29363882250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        29810577750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          90847943205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          90740729460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          759.419095                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          758.522871                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     41850368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          41850368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     19461312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       19461312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       653912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             653912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       304083                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            304083                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    349823299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            349823299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    162675281                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           162675281                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    512498579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           512498579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     653913                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    304083                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   653913                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  304083                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              41831424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  19008                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               19461248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               41850432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            19461312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   297                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            41012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            40812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            40533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            40684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            40435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            40940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            41623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            41375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            40700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            40602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           40596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           40786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           40359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           40673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           41156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           41330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            19044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            18878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            19000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            18927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            18972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            19094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            19132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            19277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            19031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            18955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           18883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           18886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           18921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           18997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           19053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           19032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    61764                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    11055                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 119632134500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               653913                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              304083                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 170684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  22142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  22084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  22969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  23406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  23431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  23187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                  22394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                  21497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                  20549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                 19202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                 18010                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                 16579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                 15270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                 14002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                 12856                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                 11941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                 11022                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                 10213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  9369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  8975                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  8399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  8079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  7608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  7188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  6762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  6325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  5976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  5636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  5429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  5273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 67159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  43584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  48915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  51597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  52777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  52813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  17106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  16227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  21064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       302349                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   202.719691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   155.262308                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   151.657903                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        98866     32.70%     32.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        90865     30.05%     62.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73749     24.39%     87.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19440      6.43%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14146      4.68%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2754      0.91%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1343      0.44%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          780      0.26%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          406      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       302349                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45383                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.402199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.092741                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        45140     99.46%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          209      0.46%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           25      0.06%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            6      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        45383                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.700350                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.189097                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.165036                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34834     76.76%     76.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5468     12.05%     88.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2826      6.23%     95.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2255      4.97%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        45383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 73806029700                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            86061329700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                3268080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   112919.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              131669.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      349.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      162.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   349.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   162.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        4.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    2.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.75                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  485266                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 170076                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                74.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               55.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    124877.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   68.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20264473250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3994640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    95369105500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0             1149452640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1             1136222640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              627181500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              619962750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            2553743400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            2544243000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            987020640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            983333520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         7813515840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         7813515840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        48082363110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        47622981870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        29599411500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        30002377500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          90812688630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          90722637120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          759.124394                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          758.371633                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1477                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1477                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               252                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              252                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4518                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5526                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              541108                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              133108                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1991500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          378                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1548288                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          378                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               27084640                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 50.219834                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                31.818084                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                86.307226                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    26124479     96.45%     96.45% |      652235      2.41%     98.86% |      289012      1.07%     99.93% |       18856      0.07%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 27084640                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     39494420                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       3.188112                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.847077                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      5.627884                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    34911889     88.40%     88.40% |     1464263      3.71%     92.10% |      490934      1.24%     93.35% |      560510      1.42%     94.77% |      424488      1.07%     95.84% |      375349      0.95%     96.79% |      434074      1.10%     97.89% |      476680      1.21%     99.10% |      356233      0.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      39494420                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            39494418                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              50.534963                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.998475                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            195.388832                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    39101292     99.00%     99.00% |      354457      0.90%     99.90% |       33439      0.08%     99.99% |        4390      0.01%    100.00% |         681      0.00%    100.00% |         129      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              39494418                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        35013182                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000374                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000302                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.025246                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    35002967     99.97%     99.97% |        9461      0.03%    100.00% |         664      0.00%    100.00% |          77      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          35013182                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        4481236                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        421.936337                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       269.668005                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       425.287763                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     4088110     91.23%     91.23% |      354457      7.91%     99.14% |       33439      0.75%     99.88% |        4390      0.10%     99.98% |         681      0.02%    100.00% |         129      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          4481236                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    96468992                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8388608                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         620232                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       620232                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          285                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          267                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          312                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          233                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     24680210                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       897998                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     25578208                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     10324694                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       126433                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     10451127                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      1034529                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        37756                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       375455                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2034484                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        63969                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           34                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           34                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1279                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       431852                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433131                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles       171460                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1103                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       441055                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       442158                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles       172315                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1108                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432023                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433131                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles       171263                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          861                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       414217                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       415078                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles       161982                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1084                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       441072                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       442156                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles       176554                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1035                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       450146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       451181                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles       176714                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1112                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       441046                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       442158                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles       178360                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          696                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       405362                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       406058                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles       161197                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       134777                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        92616                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       227393                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        53434                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        83634                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       137068                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        53925                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        83914                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses       137839                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        52843                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        83811                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses       136654                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        51340                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        83971                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses       135311                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        52540                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        83950                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses       136490                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        50700                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        83949                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses       134649                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        50908                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        83834                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses       134742                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        52145                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        83973                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses       136118                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        52127                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        83949                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses       136076                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        52229                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        83633                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses       135862                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        52237                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        83515                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses       135752                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        52053                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        83407                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       135460                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        51960                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        83630                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses       135590                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        67027                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        83807                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses       150834                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        60400                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        83798                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses       144198                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        51233                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        83732                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses       134965                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        51862                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        83775                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses       135637                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        52254                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        83804                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses       136058                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        51613                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        83507                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses       135120                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        53041                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        83380                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses       136421                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        53574                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        83376                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses       136950                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        53743                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        83604                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses       137347                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        54323                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        83305                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       137628                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        57043                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        83702                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses       140745                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        63557                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        83727                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses       147284                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        52316                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        83345                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       135661                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        52445                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        83319                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       135764                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        51723                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        83483                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       135206                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        50766                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        83527                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       134293                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        51099                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        83853                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses       134952                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        53194                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        83977                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses       137171                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           57                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     25097548                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     25097548                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     26141988                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     25097548                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity     11946607                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity     11836904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     25097548                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.104894                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     16961085                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     16961085                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18209928                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     16961085                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9146854                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9027977                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     16961085                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.070888                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     15407651                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     15407651                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16747199                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15407651                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7116120                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6972539                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     15407651                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.064396                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads     14488023                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes     14488023                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15802267                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14488023                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6775015                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6657319                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity     14488023                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.060552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads     14919684                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes     14919684                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16235141                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14919684                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7844703                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7623604                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity     14919684                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.062356                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads     14155225                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes     14155225                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15422376                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14155225                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7236458                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7133169                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity     14155225                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.059161                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     16827930                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     16827930                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18501993                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     16827930                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7279938                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7127022                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     16827930                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.070332                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads     14801159                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes     14801159                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16504198                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14801159                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6684756                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6549611                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity     14801159                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.061861                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads     10482300                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes     10482300                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11213620                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10482300                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4953086                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4883360                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity     10482300                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.043810                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads     11788807                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes     11788807                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12809795                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity     11788807                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5762757                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5660131                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity     11788807                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.049271                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      8378054                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      8378054                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8901458                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8378054                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3637590                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3562214                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      8378054                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.035016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      6487288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      6487288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6589946                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6487288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2922854                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2918272                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      6487288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.027113                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      7002635                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      7002635                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7150806                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7002635                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3413724                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3407743                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      7002635                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.029267                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      6586963                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      6586963                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6703576                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6586963                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2961558                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2956187                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      6586963                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.027530                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      4243406                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      4243406                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4363527                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4243406                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1729745                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1719458                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      4243406                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.017735                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      5908776                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      5908776                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6114830                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5908776                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2460467                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2448496                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      5908776                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.024695                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      7080368                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      7080368                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7249507                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7080368                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2777912                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2769540                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      7080368                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.029592                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      6296796                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      6296796                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6467132                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6296796                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2524625                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2517256                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      6296796                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.026317                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      5757366                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      5757366                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5987508                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5757366                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2469188                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2456570                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      5757366                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.024063                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      3324748                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      3324748                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3466721                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3324748                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1420672                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1413060                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      3324748                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.013896                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      3253483                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      3253483                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3273409                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3253483                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1557990                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1557439                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      3253483                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.013598                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      3828060                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      3828060                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3860736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3828060                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1996939                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1993776                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      3828060                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.015999                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      3627072                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      3627072                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3660574                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3627072                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1759916                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1759040                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      3627071                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.015159                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      2200030                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      2200030                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2200030                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2200030                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       980666                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       980666                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      2200030                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.009195                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      3208174                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      3208174                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3227487                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3208174                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1509625                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1509098                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      3208174                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.013408                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      3625531                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      3625531                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3657926                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3625531                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1885605                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1882483                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      3625531                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.015153                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      3529471                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      3529471                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3562164                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3529471                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1705164                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1704255                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      3529471                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.014751                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      2210129                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      2210129                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2210129                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2210129                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       984173                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       984173                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      2210129                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.009237                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads     14412573                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes     14412573                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15863228                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14412573                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6610445                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6550225                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity     14412573                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.060237                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads     13648677                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes     13648677                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity     14642797                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13648677                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6155200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6095225                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity     13648677                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.057044                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads     14150552                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes     14150552                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15535901                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14150552                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6164663                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6066320                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity     14150552                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.059142                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads     14240334                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes     14240334                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15483531                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14240334                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6327615                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6226342                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity     14240334                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.059517                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    19859221     26.62%     26.62% |    50226307     67.31%     93.93% |     4529186      6.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     74614714                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    19859221     26.62%     26.62% |    50226308     67.31%     93.93% |     4529186      6.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     74614715                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   729701165                       |  1342268433                       |   110511096                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |  1268219155                       |   234474836                       |     4529889                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   36.743695                       |   26.724410                       |   24.399770                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   63.860468                       |    4.668367                       |    1.000155                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    29.250004                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    20.200089                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         49.450093                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.005055                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.104469      6.71%      6.71% |    0.104172      6.69%     13.40% |    0.102506      6.58%     19.98% |    0.102299      6.57%     26.55% |    0.263553     16.93%     43.48% |    0.258757     16.62%     60.10% |    0.263110     16.90%     77.00% |    0.258127     16.58%     93.57% |    0.025005      1.61%     95.18% |    0.025012      1.61%     96.79% |    0.025012      1.61%     98.39% |    0.025011      1.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.557033                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.038912                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023610                       |    0.000000                       |    0.007617                       |    0.007854                       |    0.007593                       |    0.007231                       |    0.007787                       |    0.007960                       |    0.007685                       |    0.007040                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007179                       |    0.004692                       |    0.004650                       |    0.004705                       |    0.004655                       |    0.004656                       |    0.004649                       |    0.004630                       |    0.004646                       |    0.004694                       |    0.004715                       |    0.004685                       |    0.004651                       |    0.004678                       |    0.004633                       |    0.004635                       |    0.004669                       |    0.004664                       |    0.004658                       |    0.004654                       |    0.004651                       |    0.005033                       |    0.004866                       |    0.004636                       |    0.004653                       |    0.004664                       |    0.004639                       |    0.004665                       |    0.004681                       |    0.004691                       |    0.004778                       |    0.004947                       |    0.016622                       |    0.016410                       |    0.016395                       |    0.016390                       |    0.000101                       |           0                       |    0.001833                       |    0.004426                       |    0.000320                       |    0.000351                       |    0.000319                       |    0.000335                       |    0.000323                       |    0.000352                       |    0.000300                       |    0.000294                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004579                       |    0.000103                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004752                       |    0.004163                       |    0.011032                       |    0.004577                       |    0.000300                       |    0.006963                       |    0.014152                       |    0.006786                       |           0                       |    0.004603                       |    0.010669                       |           0                       |    0.016063                       |    0.020678                       |    0.008224                       |    0.010812                       |    0.004573                       |    0.000320                       |    0.017495                       |    0.016409                       |    0.014787                       |    0.011046                       |    0.004619                       |    0.000351                       |    0.018861                       |    0.015646                       |    0.010030                       |           0                       |    0.004593                       |    0.010454                       |           0                       |    0.018675                       |    0.013888                       |    0.009433                       |           0                       |    0.004599                       |           0                       |    0.009338                       |    0.006931                       |    0.006246                       |           0                       |    0.004576                       |           0                       |    0.004653                       |    0.004179                       |           0                       |    0.004874                       |           0                       |    0.001883                       |    0.005033                       |    0.004210                       |    0.010147                       |    0.004596                       |    0.000294                       |    0.010364                       |    0.005780                       |    0.013985                       |    0.004105                       |    0.010808                       |    0.004575                       |    0.000319                       |    0.007286                       |    0.013952                       |    0.019898                       |    0.005518                       |    0.025223                       |    0.006363                       |    0.001833                       |    0.012269                       |    0.019917                       |    0.027273                       |    0.012016                       |    0.000001                       |    0.004598                       |    0.004426                       |    0.012558                       |    0.017721                       |    0.019453                       |    0.012131                       |    0.010371                       |    0.004566                       |    0.000335                       |    0.010959                       |    0.015295                       |    0.010683                       |    0.006952                       |           0                       |    0.004573                       |           0                       |    0.003887                       |    0.009315                       |    0.005334                       |    0.006158                       |           0                       |    0.004575                       |           0                       |    0.001825                       |    0.004664                       |    0.004089                       |           0                       |    0.004711                       |           0                       |    0.001023                       |    0.004866                       |    0.004559                       |           0                       |    0.004622                       |           0                       |    0.011471                       |    0.006083                       |    0.008280                       |    0.004558                       |           0                       |    0.004696                       |    0.010446                       |           0                       |    0.007662                       |    0.016119                       |    0.015660                       |    0.004558                       |    0.011039                       |    0.004576                       |    0.000323                       |    0.019868                       |    0.017588                       |    0.012351                       |    0.004586                       |    0.011268                       |    0.004562                       |    0.000352                       |    0.009173                       |    0.019081                       |    0.012843                       |    0.004582                       |           0                       |    0.004803                       |    0.010442                       |           0                       |    0.008737                       |    0.018901                       |    0.012055                       |    0.004579                       |           0                       |    0.004590                       |           0                       |    0.003023                       |    0.009317                       |    0.006023                       |    0.004577                       |           0                       |    0.004565                       |           0                       |    0.000975                       |    0.004639                       |    0.004572                       |           0                       |    0.004559                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004636                       |           0                       |    0.004558                       |           0                       |    0.005210                       |           0                       |    0.007967                       |           0                       |    0.004558                       |           0                       |    0.006583                       |    0.003908                       |    0.009647                       |           0                       |    0.004586                       |           0                       |    0.010816                       |    0.007536                       |    0.006654                       |           0                       |    0.004582                       |           0                       |    0.005537                       |    0.010690                       |    0.005507                       |           0                       |    0.004579                       |           0                       |    0.009067                       |    0.010417                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004577                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.009319                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004572                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004665                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.557033                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8937218                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8937218                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       389918                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6419926                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5803747                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.402086                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          701367                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30129                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             15421306                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              86339                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            18913880                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            181223                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         15507645                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19095103                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  34335186                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  267562                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              34602748                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             10458222                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9712                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         10467934                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  10458222                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9712                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              10467934                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                235719374                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     34528948                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               63011523                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8937218                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6505114                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             195622093                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          907520                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             143787                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       182643                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       300405                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3277                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       342588                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          10457554                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        230899                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3960                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    231577501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.495671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.710226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        209570136     90.50%     90.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1984386      0.86%     91.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          3032958      1.31%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           861534      0.37%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3090079      1.33%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1409632      0.61%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          3873058      1.67%     96.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           541110      0.23%     96.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7214608      3.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    231577501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.037915                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.267316                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         13354885                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     202507923                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6772291                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8488635                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         453760                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      110297761                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         453760                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         15977910                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       124005124                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13473076                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          12284965                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      65382659                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      108295110                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         68890                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        5785093                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents        1004662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       56522688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    119600045                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     244302662                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    160057958                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          137                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     106107055                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         13492988                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       363475                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       367027                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          52728242                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      8169455                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19326449                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1943631                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1716825                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          106353138                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       693362                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         111250735                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       326711                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10015231                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14629388                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       137023                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231577501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.480404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.198019                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184834945     79.82%     79.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19576977      8.45%     88.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10534444      4.55%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5979026      2.58%     95.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3701561      1.60%     97.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5034431      2.17%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1083377      0.47%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       472789      0.20%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359951      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231577501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          113376      9.71%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         913173     78.17%     87.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        141600     12.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       417180      0.37%      0.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      76271945     68.56%     68.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        52399      0.05%     68.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52164      0.05%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15324854     13.78%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19132184     17.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      111250735                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.471963                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1168149                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010500                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    455573669                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    117070304                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    102582603                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          162                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          234                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           54                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      112001620                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              84                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2122437                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1471680                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2661                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8936                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       740949                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1831                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8913874                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         453760                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6241687                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     111554855                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    107046500                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       108441                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       8169455                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19326449                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       683940                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         227967                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     111073062                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8936                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131472                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       329937                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       461409                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     110538726                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      15109797                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       444992                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             34035980                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          7495488                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           18926183                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.468942                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              102691074                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             102582657                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          53376061                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          81445176                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.435190                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.655362                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     10248568                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       556339                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       403702                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229893927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191893119     83.47%     83.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16118815      7.01%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11020298      4.79%     95.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2586376      1.13%     96.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2375451      1.03%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       991260      0.43%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1155266      0.50%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       622959      0.27%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3130383      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229893927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     54607860                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       96712016                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               25283274                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6697774                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                6050                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6970515                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 18                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          96081509                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       617113                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       178688      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     71148002     73.57%     73.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        51116      0.05%     73.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50927      0.05%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6697774      6.93%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18585500     19.22%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     96712016                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       3130383                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            333473613                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           215615351                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   87495                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4141873                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3545957                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            54607860                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              96712016                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.316583                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.316583                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.231665                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.231665                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        166017874                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        75513693                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                43                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               70                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          35364776                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         36887151                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        49303752                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         357540                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               7019495500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            7019495500.000001                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      12763844                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        73.682548                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       39.584451                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      120.330443                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    11809298     92.52%     92.52% |      646820      5.07%     97.59% |      288812      2.26%     99.85% |       18856      0.15%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        12763844                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      14031955                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        29.377843                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       26.237238                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       16.059972                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    13740868     97.93%     97.93% |      255806      1.82%     99.75% |       22990      0.16%     99.91% |        6676      0.05%     99.96% |        2933      0.02%     99.98% |        1573      0.01%     99.99% |         647      0.00%    100.00% |         262      0.00%    100.00% |         191      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        14031955                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        288841                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.913894                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.994852                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.701382                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       37123     12.85%     12.85% |      165876     57.43%     70.28% |       79786     27.62%     97.90% |        5928      2.05%     99.96% |         127      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          288841                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          9196901                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean          123.051258                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean          11.093570                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         296.769735                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     8964516     97.47%     97.47% |      209018      2.27%     99.75% |       20344      0.22%     99.97% |        2555      0.03%     99.99% |         383      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            9196901                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6485494                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.001224                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.001006                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.043280                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6478824     99.90%     99.90% |        6347      0.10%    100.00% |         286      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6485494                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      2711407                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     410.202457                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    253.057767                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    426.387904                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     2479022     91.43%     91.43% |      209018      7.71%     99.14% |       20344      0.75%     99.89% |        2555      0.09%     99.98% |         383      0.01%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       2711407                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         19566589                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           41.849221                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.436264                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         178.427301                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    19405918     99.18%     99.18% |      145377      0.74%     99.92% |       13088      0.07%     99.99% |        1835      0.01%    100.00% |         297      0.00%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           19566589                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17944045                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000281                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000220                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.023677                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17940602     99.98%     99.98% |        2460      0.01%     99.99% |         552      0.00%    100.00% |         308      0.00%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17944045                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1622544                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     471.487569                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    335.413612                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    427.364524                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1461873     90.10%     90.10% |      145377      8.96%     99.06% |       13088      0.81%     99.86% |        1835      0.11%     99.98% |         297      0.02%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1622544                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     10451125                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.042619                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.120078                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      12.427413                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    10450678    100.00%    100.00% |         378      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       10451125                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     10324694                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000311                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    10324693    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     10324694                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       126431                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    89.185682                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.920525                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    73.677689                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      125984     99.65%     99.65% |         378      0.30%     99.95% |          40      0.03%     99.98% |          21      0.02%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       126431                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       278493                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     10.972322                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.867214                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    36.349722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      277275     99.56%     99.56% |        1101      0.40%     99.96% |         108      0.04%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       278493                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       257672                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000392                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000338                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.019794                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      257571     99.96%     99.96% |         101      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       257672                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        20821                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.629605                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    89.440311                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    84.579632                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       19603     94.15%     94.15% |        1101      5.29%     99.44% |         108      0.52%     99.96% |           8      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        20821                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     7.022901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.514973                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    22.015516                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         622     94.96%     94.96% |          22      3.36%     98.32% |           5      0.76%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           4      0.61%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         622    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    82.848485                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    69.616530                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.514007                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     66.67%     66.67% |           5     15.15%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     12.12%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |           1      3.03%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       312729                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time     10189614                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       125746                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    69018                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    49849                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    76278                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    52134                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    68722                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    48964                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    68963                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    51148                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    70157                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    49176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   75632                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   53065                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   66831                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   45465                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   61405                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   46795                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  75398                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 238951                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  77162                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 236666                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  75694                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                 239836                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  57405                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                 237652                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                  83283                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                 239624                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                 86832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                235735                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                 86609                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                243335                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                 55939                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                242005                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    84017                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   223278                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    86287                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   221550                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    83759                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   224186                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    65807                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   221816                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    92051                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                   224031                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   95825                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                  219630                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   94638                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                  227597                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   63490                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                  226495                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               153440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               126368                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               153440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses              162464                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses              153440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              117344                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 3048681                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140002674146809                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140002670495661                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 6709803                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 3040677                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                37615129                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               386448095                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               390371474                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               386865110                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               390445990                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              386834848                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              390317568                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              387070102                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              390601031                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              386579969                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              390554417                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   82976                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   88160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   82976                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   72608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   88160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  93344                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  88160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  67424                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  65280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  53760                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  65280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 69120                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 65280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 49920                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                36730                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                34921                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                41175                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                35585                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                37011                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                33802                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                37782                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                35544                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                36754                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                33776                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               39758                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               38028                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               35407                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               30941                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               33950                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               31632                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              46246                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses             192439                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              46985                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             191775                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              45965                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses             193558                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              34826                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses             191816                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses              51406                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses             193584                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses             53586                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses            189332                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses             52753                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses            196419                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses             33474                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses            195728                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               32288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               14928                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               35103                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               16549                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               31711                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               15162                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               31181                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               15604                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               33403                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               15400                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              35874                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              15037                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              31424                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              14524                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              27455                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              15163                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             29152                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             46512                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             30177                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             44891                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             29729                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             46278                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             22579                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             45836                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses             31877                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses             46040                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses            33246                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses            46403                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses            33856                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses            46916                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses            22465                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses            46277                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       14                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      18                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      13                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                5098197                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                8519080                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                5409520                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                8491549                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                5218363                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                8505616                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                5280392                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                8446862                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                5227629                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                8494626                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               5379465                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               8501357                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               5342225                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               8530289                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               5167026                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               8513481                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     136                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     112                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     136                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    136                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    104                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               4268397                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               7732726                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               4614736                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               7784671                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               4366286                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               7777180                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               4657267                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               7738810                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               4398685                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               7767446                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              4597681                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              7730183                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              4425147                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              7715516                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              4635115                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              7710952                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            2160482                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            3933675                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            2291505                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            2153085                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            1867021                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles            2323218                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles           2456106                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles           3932761                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles           2297059                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles           3938675                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles           1717725                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles           3939695                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3348214                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2272396                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3308958                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2224229                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3288527                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2231038                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2866127                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2232051                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3267087                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2219235                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             3332481                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2255562                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             3452388                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2259232                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             2695636                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2243773                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          4268397                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          7732726                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          4614736                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          7784671                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          4366286                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          7777180                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          4657267                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          7738810                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          4398685                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          7767446                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         4597681                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         7730183                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         4425147                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         7715516                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         4635115                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         7710952                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       2097449                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       3932541                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       2228542                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       2097455                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       1835296                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time       2228533                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time      2359611                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time      3932541                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time      2228548                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time      3932535                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time      1704227                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time      3932535                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2710383                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         2272396                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2788518                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         2224229                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2742082                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         2231038                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2585539                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         2232051                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         2705928                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         2219235                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        2763502                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        2255562                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        2831543                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        2259232                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        2535176                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        2243773                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            4988367                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            8039092                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            5215888                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            7999981                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            5079344                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            8014048                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            5090381                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            7955294                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            5072926                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            8003058                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           5170790                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           8028958                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           5187850                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           8080062                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           5012677                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           8061561                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         225273807                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         227848149                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         225273803                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         227848145                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         225273809                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         227848151                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         225273805                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         227848147                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         225273814                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         227848156                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        225273810                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        227848152                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        225273826                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        227848168                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        225273822                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        227848164                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          9507439                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         11385482                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          9624749                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         11270302                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          9562246                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         11306920                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          9652682                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11342322                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          9472606                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         11299459                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         9638044                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        11313071                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         9675581                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        11350504                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         9470152                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles        11343997                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             12932                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             25961                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             13635                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             26186                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             12970                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             26122                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             11316                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             26288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0             13580                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0             26236                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0            14484                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0            26221                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0            13925                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0            26109                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0            10569                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0            26195                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             10737                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              4640                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             12343                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              5479                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             10676                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              4690                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             11463                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              5152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             11055                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              4757                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1            12397                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             4921                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             9470                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             4153                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             9335                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             4478                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             11593                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             10769                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             14382                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             11857                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             11744                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             10175                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             14162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2             11719                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             11474                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2             10126                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2            13509                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            12608                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             9553                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             8432                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2            10632                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             9022                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      663079     25.25%     25.25% |      654738     24.93%     50.19% |      654106     24.91%     75.10% |      653913     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2625836                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      307161     25.55%     25.55% |      298500     24.83%     50.38% |      298339     24.82%     75.19% |      298212     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1202212                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      663104     25.25%     25.25% |      654738     24.93%     50.19% |      654105     24.91%     75.10% |      653912     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2625859                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      313019     25.54%     25.54% |      304371     24.83%     50.37% |      304210     24.82%     75.19% |      304082     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1225682                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6048     25.00%     25.00% |        6048     25.00%     50.00% |        6048     25.00%     75.00% |        6048     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24192                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      347726     25.00%     25.00% |      348046     25.02%     50.02% |      347575     24.99%     75.01% |      347509     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1390856                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      663079     25.25%     25.25% |      654738     24.93%     50.19% |      654106     24.91%     75.10% |      653913     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2625836                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      306916     25.55%     25.55% |      298323     24.83%     50.38% |      298162     24.82%     75.19% |      298035     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1201436                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      347726     25.00%     25.00% |      348046     25.02%     50.02% |      347575     24.99%     75.01% |      347509     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1390856                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      663079     25.25%     25.25% |      654738     24.93%     50.19% |      654105     24.91%     75.10% |      653912     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2625834                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      306916     25.55%     25.55% |      298323     24.83%     50.38% |      298162     24.82%     75.19% |      298034     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1201435                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          721                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6718913     73.02%     73.02% |          34      0.00%     73.02% |      310298      3.37%     76.39% |      315482      3.43%     79.82% |      310303      3.37%     83.19% |      299929      3.26%     86.45% |      315490      3.43%     89.88% |      320668      3.48%     93.37% |      315504      3.43%     96.80% |      294762      3.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      9201383                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    10451168    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     10451168                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    18866890     95.05%     95.05% |           0      0.00%     95.05% |      122892      0.62%     95.67% |      126714      0.64%     96.30% |      122889      0.62%     96.92% |      115182      0.58%     97.50% |      126744      0.64%     98.14% |      130575      0.66%     98.80% |      126752      0.64%     99.44% |      111347      0.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     19849985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       26755     11.01%     11.01% |          34      0.01%     11.02% |       28455     11.71%     22.73% |       26329     10.83%     33.56% |       30100     12.38%     45.95% |       22742      9.36%     55.31% |       29098     11.97%     67.28% |       28744     11.83%     79.10% |       26020     10.71%     89.81% |       24766     10.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       243043                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1026852     20.36%     20.36% |           0      0.00%     20.36% |      502542      9.96%     30.32% |      509460     10.10%     40.43% |      501566      9.95%     50.37% |      480658      9.53%     59.90% |      515072     10.21%     70.11% |      527969     10.47%     80.58% |      511637     10.14%     90.73% |      467636      9.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      5043392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     18.64%     18.64% |           0      0.00%     18.64% |          15     25.42%     44.07% |           0      0.00%     44.07% |           7     11.86%     55.93% |           0      0.00%     55.93% |          26     44.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           59                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        6332     13.84%     13.85% |        7920     17.32%     31.17% |        6173     13.50%     44.67% |        5069     11.08%     55.75% |        6257     13.68%     69.43% |        5882     12.86%     82.29% |        3551      7.76%     90.05% |        4550      9.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        45739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      232165      9.10%      9.10% |          29      0.00%      9.10% |      290516     11.39%     20.49% |      294052     11.53%     32.01% |      285712     11.20%     43.21% |      282080     11.06%     54.27% |      293876     11.52%     65.79% |      301210     11.81%     77.60% |      294683     11.55%     89.15% |      276885     10.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2551208                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        5808     12.70%     12.71% |        5289     11.56%     24.27% |        6754     14.77%     39.04% |        4352      9.51%     48.55% |        5662     12.38%     60.93% |        5444     11.90%     72.83% |        7092     15.51%     88.34% |        5333     11.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        45739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      792246     42.05%     42.05% |           0      0.00%     42.05% |      135528      7.19%     49.24% |      141714      7.52%     56.76% |      139557      7.41%     64.17% |      127785      6.78%     70.95% |      141534      7.51%     78.46% |      143492      7.62%     86.07% |      139271      7.39%     93.46% |      123144      6.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1884271                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      886133     21.92%     21.92% |           0      0.00%     21.92% |      392811      9.72%     31.64% |      403290      9.98%     41.62% |      389658      9.64%     51.26% |      382579      9.46%     60.72% |      400599      9.91%     70.63% |      410729     10.16%     80.79% |      404837     10.02%     90.81% |      371625      9.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      4042261                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      225135      8.33%      8.33% |          17      0.00%      8.33% |      309737     11.46%     19.79% |      314918     11.65%     31.44% |      309762     11.46%     42.90% |      299386     11.08%     53.97% |      314926     11.65%     65.62% |      320152     11.84%     77.47% |      314952     11.65%     89.12% |      294196     10.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2703181                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122876    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122876                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      664976     40.47%     40.47% |           0      0.00%     40.47% |      122017      7.43%     47.90% |      126089      7.67%     55.57% |      122208      7.44%     63.01% |      114795      6.99%     69.99% |      126103      7.67%     77.67% |      129900      7.91%     85.57% |      125992      7.67%     93.24% |      111069      6.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1643149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11159      8.98%      8.98% |           0      0.00%      8.98% |       14042     11.30%     20.27% |       16350     13.15%     33.43% |       16617     13.37%     46.80% |       12950     10.42%     57.21% |       14847     11.94%     69.16% |       13484     10.85%     80.01% |       12781     10.28%     90.29% |       12070      9.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       124300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        7722     93.87%     93.87% |          17      0.21%     94.08% |          84      1.02%     95.10% |          40      0.49%     95.59% |          50      0.61%     96.19% |          33      0.40%     96.60% |          42      0.51%     97.11% |          87      1.06%     98.16% |          79      0.96%     99.12% |          72      0.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         8226                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3557    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3557                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         147     63.64%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |          14      6.06%     69.70% |           8      3.46%     73.16% |           3      1.30%     74.46% |           3      1.30%     75.76% |           1      0.43%     76.19% |           7      3.03%     79.22% |          23      9.96%     89.18% |          25     10.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3358      3.20%      3.20% |           0      0.00%      3.20% |       14176     13.52%     16.73% |        9821      9.37%     26.10% |       13257     12.65%     38.74% |        9642      9.20%     47.94% |       14070     13.42%     61.36% |       14980     14.29%     75.65% |       13014     12.41%     88.07% |       12508     11.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total       104826                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       24988     97.53%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |          71      0.28%     97.81% |          93      0.36%     98.17% |          97      0.38%     98.55% |          55      0.21%     98.77% |          89      0.35%     99.11% |          65      0.25%     99.37% |          87      0.34%     99.71% |          75      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        25620                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    10324694    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     10324694                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4588     32.95%     32.95% |           5      0.04%     32.98% |        1192      8.56%     41.54% |        1211      8.70%     50.24% |        1548     11.12%     61.35% |         809      5.81%     67.16% |        1331      9.56%     76.72% |         925      6.64%     83.36% |        1202      8.63%     91.99% |        1115      8.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        13926                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122472     38.64%     38.64% |           0      0.00%     38.64% |       24255      7.65%     46.29% |       27384      8.64%     54.93% |       28543      9.00%     63.93% |       21448      6.77%     70.70% |       25848      8.15%     78.85% |       23831      7.52%     86.37% |       22581      7.12%     93.49% |       20620      6.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       316982                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3169806     99.90%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |         380      0.01%     99.92% |         405      0.01%     99.93% |         363      0.01%     99.94% |         430      0.01%     99.95% |         399      0.01%     99.97% |         336      0.01%     99.98% |         338      0.01%     99.99% |         377      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3172834                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       38444    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        38444                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |       10589     16.13%     16.13% |          29      0.04%     16.18% |        7183     10.94%     27.12% |        5885      8.97%     36.09% |        7176     10.93%     47.02% |        6264      9.54%     56.57% |        7168     10.92%     67.49% |        7911     12.05%     79.55% |        6704     10.21%     89.76% |        6720     10.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        65629                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      182981      7.62%      7.62% |           0      0.00%      7.62% |      276893     11.54%     19.16% |      280188     11.67%     30.83% |      272265     11.34%     42.17% |      270622     11.27%     53.45% |      280316     11.68%     65.13% |      287290     11.97%     77.10% |      284258     11.84%     88.94% |      265528     11.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2400341                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        6159     13.80%     13.80% |        7712     17.28%     31.07% |        6032     13.51%     44.58% |        4930     11.04%     55.63% |        6150     13.78%     69.40% |        5789     12.97%     82.37% |        3455      7.74%     90.11% |        4414      9.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        44641                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3287040    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3287040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    18159932     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |         828      0.00%     99.98% |         605      0.00%     99.98% |         648      0.00%     99.99% |         376      0.00%     99.99% |         596      0.00%     99.99% |         634      0.00%     99.99% |         687      0.00%    100.00% |         244      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     18164550                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         419      1.09%      1.09% |           0      0.00%      1.09% |        5935     15.42%     16.51% |        2813      7.31%     23.82% |        4665     12.12%     35.94% |        2665      6.92%     42.86% |        5654     14.69%     57.55% |        6278     16.31%     73.87% |        5262     13.67%     87.54% |        4796     12.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        38487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      703152     42.82%     42.82% |           0      0.00%     42.82% |      115918      7.06%     49.88% |      123102      7.50%     57.38% |      117393      7.15%     64.53% |      111957      6.82%     71.35% |      120283      7.33%     78.68% |      123439      7.52%     86.19% |      120579      7.34%     93.54% |      106097      6.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1641920                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     18.64%     18.64% |           0      0.00%     18.64% |          15     25.42%     44.07% |           0      0.00%     44.07% |           7     11.86%     55.93% |           0      0.00%     55.93% |          26     44.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           59                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     16.67%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           3     16.67%     38.89% |           2     11.11%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           3     16.67%     77.78% |           2     11.11%     88.89% |           2     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |       12258      2.95%      2.95% |           0      0.00%      2.95% |       51346     12.34%     15.28% |       49203     11.82%     27.10% |       49906     11.99%     39.09% |       48471     11.65%     50.74% |       52248     12.55%     63.29% |       56087     13.48%     76.77% |       50919     12.23%     89.00% |       45767     11.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total       416205                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      232165      9.10%      9.10% |          29      0.00%      9.10% |      290515     11.39%     20.49% |      294051     11.53%     32.01% |      285711     11.20%     43.21% |      282079     11.06%     54.27% |      293875     11.52%     65.79% |      301208     11.81%     77.60% |      294681     11.55%     89.15% |      276884     10.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2551198                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        5808     12.70%     12.71% |        5289     11.56%     24.27% |        6754     14.77%     39.04% |        4352      9.51%     48.55% |        5662     12.38%     60.93% |        5444     11.90%     72.83% |        7092     15.51%     88.34% |        5333     11.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        45739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      127123     52.77%     52.77% |           0      0.00%     52.77% |       13495      5.60%     58.38% |       15617      6.48%     64.86% |       17344      7.20%     72.06% |       12986      5.39%     77.45% |       15429      6.41%     83.86% |       13584      5.64%     89.49% |       13256      5.50%     95.00% |       12049      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       240883                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |        2631      1.61%      1.61% |           0      0.00%      1.61% |       19950     12.23%     13.84% |       19762     12.12%     25.96% |       20200     12.38%     38.35% |       18515     11.35%     49.70% |       22307     13.68%     63.37% |       22339     13.70%     77.07% |       20286     12.44%     89.51% |       17116     10.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total       163106                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      665123     40.47%     40.47% |           0      0.00%     40.47% |      122031      7.43%     47.90% |      126097      7.67%     55.57% |      122211      7.44%     63.01% |      114798      6.99%     69.99% |      126104      7.67%     77.67% |      129907      7.90%     85.57% |      126015      7.67%     93.24% |      111094      6.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1643380                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     16.67%     50.00% |           3     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           3     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           1     10.00%     20.00% |           1     10.00%     30.00% |           1     10.00%     40.00% |           1     10.00%     50.00% |           2     20.00%     70.00% |           2     20.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2     25.00%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        4222     94.22%     94.22% |           0      0.00%     94.22% |          26      0.58%     94.80% |          26      0.58%     95.38% |          30      0.67%     96.05% |          25      0.56%     96.61% |          34      0.76%     97.37% |          28      0.62%     97.99% |          48      1.07%     99.06% |          42      0.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         4481                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          41    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        3373     93.88%     93.88% |           0      0.00%     93.88% |          33      0.92%     94.80% |          12      0.33%     95.13% |          30      0.83%     95.96% |           8      0.22%     96.19% |          44      1.22%     97.41% |          34      0.95%     98.36% |          50      1.39%     99.75% |           9      0.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         3593                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         100     14.64%     14.64% |          69     10.10%     24.74% |          91     13.32%     38.07% |          52      7.61%     45.68% |          96     14.06%     59.74% |         143     20.94%     80.67% |          69     10.10%     90.78% |          63      9.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          683                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         173     15.83%     15.83% |         208     19.03%     34.86% |         141     12.90%     47.76% |         139     12.72%     60.48% |         107      9.79%     70.27% |          93      8.51%     78.77% |          96      8.78%     87.56% |         136     12.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total         1093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      886133     21.93%     21.93% |           0      0.00%     21.93% |      392538      9.72%     31.65% |      403013      9.97%     41.62% |      389426      9.64%     51.26% |      382388      9.46%     60.72% |      400396      9.91%     70.63% |      410493     10.16%     80.79% |      404672     10.02%     90.81% |      371426      9.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      4040485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         273     15.37%     15.37% |         277     15.60%     30.97% |         232     13.06%     44.03% |         191     10.75%     54.79% |         203     11.43%     66.22% |         236     13.29%     79.50% |         165      9.29%     88.80% |         199     11.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total         1776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3917      3.09%      3.09% |        3795      3.00%      6.09% |        3521      2.78%      8.87% |        3537      2.79%     11.66% |        3622      2.86%     14.52% |        4087      3.23%     17.75% |        3809      3.01%     20.76% |        3372      2.66%     23.42% |        3687      2.91%     26.33% |        5220      4.12%     30.45% |        4047      3.20%     33.65% |        3862      3.05%     36.70% |        3756      2.97%     39.66% |        4414      3.49%     43.15% |        3938      3.11%     46.26% |        3827      3.02%     49.28% |        4249      3.36%     52.63% |        4221      3.33%     55.97% |        3695      2.92%     58.89% |        3345      2.64%     61.53% |        3126      2.47%     63.99% |        3778      2.98%     66.98% |        3571      2.82%     69.80% |        3420      2.70%     72.50% |        3683      2.91%     75.41% |        3830      3.02%     78.43% |        3308      2.61%     81.04% |        4754      3.75%     84.80% |        4038      3.19%     87.98% |        5398      4.26%     92.25% |        5246      4.14%     96.39% |        4573      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       126646                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      158805      5.85%      5.85% |       82728      3.05%      8.90% |       81433      3.00%     11.90% |       82572      3.04%     14.94% |       81765      3.01%     17.95% |       81597      3.01%     20.96% |       81063      2.99%     23.94% |       81074      2.99%     26.93% |       81300      2.99%     29.92% |       81605      3.01%     32.93% |       83407      3.07%     36.00% |       82803      3.05%     39.05% |       81784      3.01%     42.06% |       81692      3.01%     45.07% |       81002      2.98%     48.06% |       81121      2.99%     51.04% |       81983      3.02%     54.06% |       81527      3.00%     57.07% |       81850      3.01%     60.08% |       82092      3.02%     63.11% |       81957      3.02%     66.12% |       90456      3.33%     69.46% |       88789      3.27%     72.73% |       81468      3.00%     75.73% |       81435      3.00%     78.73% |       82066      3.02%     81.75% |       81338      3.00%     84.75% |       81189      2.99%     87.74% |       81856      3.02%     90.75% |       81176      2.99%     93.74% |       82039      3.02%     96.76% |       87845      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      2714817                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       64758      3.94%      3.94% |       50614      3.08%      7.02% |       50576      3.08%     10.09% |       51601      3.14%     13.23% |       50348      3.06%     16.30% |       50153      3.05%     19.35% |       50426      3.07%     22.41% |       49942      3.04%     25.45% |       50089      3.05%     28.50% |       50461      3.07%     31.57% |       50542      3.07%     34.64% |       50112      3.05%     37.69% |       49936      3.04%     40.73% |       50509      3.07%     43.80% |       49829      3.03%     46.83% |       49933      3.04%     49.87% |       49982      3.04%     52.91% |       50457      3.07%     55.98% |       50443      3.07%     59.05% |       50459      3.07%     62.12% |       50718      3.09%     65.20% |       56936      3.46%     68.66% |       52010      3.16%     71.83% |       50272      3.06%     74.89% |       50657      3.08%     77.97% |       50294      3.06%     81.03% |       50615      3.08%     84.10% |       50622      3.08%     87.18% |       51136      3.11%     90.29% |       50926      3.10%     93.39% |       53626      3.26%     96.65% |       55006      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1643988                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      213739      5.28%      5.28% |      123549      3.05%      8.34% |      122411      3.03%     11.36% |      124806      3.09%     14.45% |      122948      3.04%     17.49% |      122405      3.03%     20.51% |      122775      3.03%     23.55% |      122366      3.02%     26.57% |      122473      3.03%     29.60% |      122896      3.04%     32.64% |      124723      3.08%     35.72% |      123579      3.05%     38.78% |      122165      3.02%     41.80% |      122516      3.03%     44.82% |      121256      3.00%     47.82% |      121342      3.00%     50.82% |      122269      3.02%     53.84% |      121972      3.02%     56.86% |      122362      3.02%     59.88% |      122435      3.03%     62.91% |      122150      3.02%     65.93% |      136399      3.37%     69.30% |      130147      3.22%     72.52% |      121085      2.99%     75.51% |      121555      3.00%     78.52% |      121787      3.01%     81.53% |      121527      3.00%     84.53% |      121598      3.01%     87.54% |      122924      3.04%     90.57% |      122176      3.02%     93.59% |      125898      3.11%     96.71% |      133232      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      4045465                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          22      1.91%      1.91% |          33      2.87%      4.78% |          28      2.43%      7.21% |          46      4.00%     11.21% |          63      5.47%     16.68% |          26      2.26%     18.94% |          45      3.91%     22.85% |          49      4.26%     27.11% |          35      3.04%     30.15% |          36      3.13%     33.28% |          25      2.17%     35.45% |          42      3.65%     39.10% |          37      3.21%     42.31% |          38      3.30%     45.61% |          26      2.26%     47.87% |          28      2.43%     50.30% |          24      2.09%     52.39% |          28      2.43%     54.82% |          36      3.13%     57.95% |          32      2.78%     60.73% |          31      2.69%     63.42% |          28      2.43%     65.86% |          30      2.61%     68.46% |          39      3.39%     71.85% |          51      4.43%     76.28% |          23      2.00%     78.28% |          41      3.56%     81.84% |          57      4.95%     86.79% |          31      2.69%     89.49% |          31      2.69%     92.18% |          44      3.82%     96.00% |          46      4.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total         1151                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       45363      3.85%      3.85% |       36622      3.10%      6.95% |       36579      3.10%     10.05% |       36505      3.09%     13.14% |       36508      3.09%     16.24% |       36514      3.10%     19.33% |       36593      3.10%     22.44% |       36586      3.10%     25.54% |       36650      3.11%     28.64% |       36673      3.11%     31.75% |       36691      3.11%     34.86% |       36588      3.10%     37.96% |       36582      3.10%     41.07% |       36626      3.10%     44.17% |       36591      3.10%     47.27% |       36604      3.10%     50.37% |       36707      3.11%     53.49% |       36622      3.10%     56.59% |       36583      3.10%     59.69% |       36489      3.09%     62.78% |       36493      3.09%     65.88% |       36479      3.09%     68.97% |       36535      3.10%     72.07% |       36569      3.10%     75.17% |       36678      3.11%     78.28% |       36634      3.11%     81.38% |       36583      3.10%     84.48% |       36579      3.10%     87.58% |       36613      3.10%     90.69% |       36655      3.11%     93.79% |       36600      3.10%     96.90% |       36628      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1179722                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       44279      3.13%      3.13% |       44106      3.12%      6.26% |       43940      3.11%      9.37% |       44018      3.12%     12.48% |       44059      3.12%     15.60% |       44109      3.12%     18.73% |       44251      3.13%     21.86% |       44337      3.14%     25.00% |       44445      3.15%     28.14% |       44473      3.15%     31.29% |       44364      3.14%     34.43% |       44360      3.14%     37.57% |       44419      3.14%     40.72% |       44380      3.14%     43.86% |       44397      3.14%     47.00% |       44291      3.14%     50.14% |       44240      3.13%     53.27% |       44263      3.13%     56.40% |       43977      3.11%     59.52% |       43951      3.11%     62.63% |       43931      3.11%     65.74% |       44139      3.12%     68.86% |       44042      3.12%     71.98% |       43986      3.11%     75.09% |       43924      3.11%     78.20% |       44065      3.12%     81.32% |       43827      3.10%     84.42% |       43807      3.10%     87.53% |       43754      3.10%     90.62% |       44012      3.12%     93.74% |       44184      3.13%     96.87% |       44253      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1412583                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       90755      3.46%      3.46% |       81775      3.11%      6.57% |       81565      3.11%      9.68% |       81570      3.11%     12.78% |       81613      3.11%     15.89% |       81669      3.11%     19.00% |       81890      3.12%     22.12% |       81968      3.12%     25.24% |       82141      3.13%     28.37% |       82191      3.13%     31.50% |       82102      3.13%     34.63% |       81994      3.12%     37.75% |       82048      3.12%     40.87% |       82052      3.12%     44.00% |       82034      3.12%     47.12% |       81940      3.12%     50.24% |       81992      3.12%     53.37% |       81930      3.12%     56.49% |       81606      3.11%     59.59% |       81486      3.10%     62.70% |       81470      3.10%     65.80% |       81664      3.11%     68.91% |       81622      3.11%     72.02% |       81598      3.11%     75.13% |       81647      3.11%     78.24% |       81744      3.11%     81.35% |       81456      3.10%     84.45% |       81430      3.10%     87.55% |       81413      3.10%     90.65% |       81713      3.11%     93.76% |       81830      3.12%     96.88% |       81926      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      2625834                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       89731      3.46%      3.46% |       80751      3.11%      6.57% |       80541      3.11%      9.68% |       80546      3.11%     12.79% |       80589      3.11%     15.89% |       80645      3.11%     19.00% |       80866      3.12%     22.12% |       80944      3.12%     25.24% |       81117      3.13%     28.37% |       81167      3.13%     31.50% |       81078      3.13%     34.63% |       80970      3.12%     37.75% |       81024      3.12%     40.88% |       81028      3.12%     44.00% |       81010      3.12%     47.13% |       80916      3.12%     50.25% |       80968      3.12%     53.37% |       80906      3.12%     56.49% |       80582      3.11%     59.60% |       80462      3.10%     62.70% |       80446      3.10%     65.80% |       80640      3.11%     68.91% |       80598      3.11%     72.02% |       80574      3.11%     75.13% |       80623      3.11%     78.24% |       80720      3.11%     81.35% |       80432      3.10%     84.45% |       80406      3.10%     87.55% |       80389      3.10%     90.65% |       80689      3.11%     93.76% |       80806      3.12%     96.88% |       80902      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      2593066                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        1257      3.24%      3.24% |        1206      3.11%      6.34% |        1181      3.04%      9.39% |        1224      3.15%     12.54% |        1174      3.02%     15.56% |        1194      3.08%     18.64% |        1188      3.06%     21.70% |        1254      3.23%     24.93% |        1221      3.14%     28.07% |        1201      3.09%     31.16% |        1181      3.04%     34.21% |        1224      3.15%     37.36% |        1185      3.05%     40.41% |        1183      3.05%     43.46% |        1201      3.09%     46.55% |        1260      3.25%     49.80% |        1177      3.03%     52.83% |        1202      3.10%     55.92% |        1194      3.08%     59.00% |        1236      3.18%     62.18% |        1238      3.19%     65.37% |        1294      3.33%     68.70% |        1247      3.21%     71.92% |        1241      3.20%     75.11% |        1165      3.00%     78.11% |        1211      3.12%     81.23% |        1206      3.11%     84.34% |        1233      3.18%     87.51% |        1159      2.99%     90.50% |        1197      3.08%     93.58% |        1232      3.17%     96.75% |        1260      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        38826                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1417      3.07%      3.07% |        1401      3.04%      6.12% |        1412      3.06%      9.18% |        1337      2.90%     12.08% |        1383      3.00%     15.08% |        1345      2.92%     18.00% |        1360      2.95%     20.95% |        1309      2.84%     23.79% |        1385      3.01%     26.80% |        1385      3.01%     29.80% |        1440      3.12%     32.93% |        1363      2.96%     35.89% |        1395      3.03%     38.91% |        1393      3.02%     41.94% |        1422      3.09%     45.02% |        1394      3.02%     48.05% |        1453      3.15%     51.20% |        1503      3.26%     54.46% |        1520      3.30%     57.76% |        1508      3.27%     61.03% |        1539      3.34%     64.37% |        1482      3.22%     67.59% |        1556      3.38%     70.96% |        1477      3.21%     74.17% |        1496      3.25%     77.41% |        1477      3.21%     80.62% |        1480      3.21%     83.83% |        1509      3.27%     87.11% |        1531      3.32%     90.43% |        1496      3.25%     93.67% |        1503      3.26%     96.94% |        1412      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        46083                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        1952      3.12%      3.12% |        1913      3.06%      6.19% |        1903      3.05%      9.23% |        1785      2.86%     12.09% |        1814      2.90%     14.99% |        1701      2.72%     17.72% |        1673      2.68%     20.39% |        1578      2.53%     22.92% |        1764      2.82%     25.74% |        1789      2.86%     28.61% |        1844      2.95%     31.56% |        1835      2.94%     34.50% |        1975      3.16%     37.66% |        1910      3.06%     40.72% |        1952      3.12%     43.84% |        1894      3.03%     46.87% |        1996      3.20%     50.07% |        2004      3.21%     53.28% |        2037      3.26%     56.54% |        2055      3.29%     59.83% |        2214      3.54%     63.37% |        2181      3.49%     66.86% |        2241      3.59%     70.45% |        2180      3.49%     73.94% |        2201      3.52%     77.46% |        2107      3.37%     80.83% |        2116      3.39%     84.22% |        2021      3.24%     87.46% |        2065      3.31%     90.76% |        1952      3.12%     93.89% |        1950      3.12%     97.01% |        1870      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        62472                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        4433      3.14%      3.14% |        4360      3.08%      6.22% |        4347      3.07%      9.29% |        4194      2.97%     12.26% |        4287      3.03%     15.29% |        4185      2.96%     18.25% |        4113      2.91%     21.16% |        4052      2.87%     24.02% |        4258      3.01%     27.04% |        4226      2.99%     30.02% |        4324      3.06%     33.08% |        4320      3.06%     36.14% |        4577      3.24%     39.37% |        4514      3.19%     42.57% |        4454      3.15%     45.72% |        4359      3.08%     48.80% |        4416      3.12%     51.92% |        4447      3.14%     55.07% |        4463      3.16%     58.22% |        4432      3.13%     61.36% |        4585      3.24%     64.60% |        4776      3.38%     67.98% |        4678      3.31%     71.29% |        4535      3.21%     74.49% |        4622      3.27%     77.76% |        4664      3.30%     81.06% |        4557      3.22%     84.28% |        4393      3.11%     87.39% |        4476      3.17%     90.56% |        4501      3.18%     93.74% |        4476      3.17%     96.90% |        4377      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       141401                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1411      3.08%      3.08% |        1394      3.05%      6.13% |        1403      3.07%      9.20% |        1328      2.90%     12.10% |        1368      2.99%     15.09% |        1339      2.93%     18.02% |        1345      2.94%     20.96% |        1295      2.83%     23.79% |        1376      3.01%     26.80% |        1373      3.00%     29.80% |        1428      3.12%     32.93% |        1350      2.95%     35.88% |        1383      3.02%     38.90% |        1382      3.02%     41.92% |        1415      3.09%     45.02% |        1385      3.03%     48.04% |        1446      3.16%     51.21% |        1494      3.27%     54.47% |        1507      3.29%     57.77% |        1496      3.27%     61.04% |        1532      3.35%     64.39% |        1476      3.23%     67.61% |        1545      3.38%     70.99% |        1467      3.21%     74.20% |        1475      3.22%     77.42% |        1469      3.21%     80.64% |        1471      3.22%     83.85% |        1495      3.27%     87.12% |        1519      3.32%     90.44% |        1486      3.25%     93.69% |        1485      3.25%     96.94% |        1401      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        45739                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      218490      5.21%      5.21% |      128237      3.06%      8.27% |      127061      3.03%     11.30% |      129385      3.08%     14.38% |      127605      3.04%     17.42% |      127068      3.03%     20.45% |      127382      3.04%     23.49% |      126944      3.03%     26.51% |      127091      3.03%     29.54% |      127463      3.04%     32.58% |      129377      3.08%     35.67% |      128173      3.06%     38.72% |      126787      3.02%     41.75% |      127187      3.03%     44.78% |      125876      3.00%     47.78% |      125946      3.00%     50.78% |      126827      3.02%     53.80% |      126613      3.02%     56.82% |      127007      3.03%     59.85% |      127087      3.03%     62.88% |      126879      3.02%     65.91% |      141223      3.37%     69.27% |      134939      3.22%     72.49% |      125664      3.00%     75.49% |      126117      3.01%     78.49% |      126489      3.02%     81.51% |      126194      3.01%     84.52% |      126300      3.01%     87.53% |      127656      3.04%     90.57% |      126923      3.03%     93.60% |      130698      3.12%     96.71% |      137918      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4194606                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         178     11.47%     11.47% |          46      2.96%     14.43% |          44      2.84%     17.27% |          46      2.96%     20.23% |          44      2.84%     23.07% |          44      2.84%     25.90% |          44      2.84%     28.74% |          44      2.84%     31.57% |          44      2.84%     34.41% |          44      2.84%     37.24% |          46      2.96%     40.21% |          44      2.84%     43.04% |          46      2.96%     46.01% |          44      2.84%     48.84% |          44      2.84%     51.68% |          44      2.84%     54.51% |          46      2.96%     57.47% |          44      2.84%     60.31% |          44      2.84%     63.14% |          44      2.84%     65.98% |          44      2.84%     68.81% |          44      2.84%     71.65% |          44      2.84%     74.48% |          44      2.84%     77.32% |          44      2.84%     80.15% |          44      2.84%     82.99% |          44      2.84%     85.82% |          44      2.84%     88.66% |          44      2.84%     91.49% |          44      2.84%     94.33% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1552                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         504      3.20%      3.20% |         450      2.86%      6.06% |         450      2.86%      8.91% |         448      2.84%     11.76% |         475      3.02%     14.77% |         428      2.72%     17.49% |         467      2.96%     20.46% |         488      3.10%     23.55% |         518      3.29%     26.84% |         450      2.86%     29.70% |         481      3.05%     32.75% |         492      3.12%     35.88% |         593      3.76%     39.64% |         513      3.26%     42.90% |         499      3.17%     46.07% |         503      3.19%     49.26% |         505      3.21%     52.47% |         525      3.33%     55.80% |         516      3.28%     59.08% |         476      3.02%     62.10% |         463      2.94%     65.04% |         500      3.17%     68.21% |         467      2.96%     71.18% |         446      2.83%     74.01% |         513      3.26%     77.26% |         555      3.52%     80.79% |         499      3.17%     83.96% |         457      2.90%     86.86% |         454      2.88%     89.74% |         547      3.47%     93.21% |         546      3.47%     96.68% |         523      3.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15751                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       52602      3.73%      3.73% |       43823      3.11%      6.83% |       43678      3.10%      9.93% |       43742      3.10%     13.03% |       43770      3.10%     16.13% |       43846      3.11%     19.24% |       43941      3.11%     22.36% |       43967      3.12%     25.47% |       44071      3.12%     28.60% |       44199      3.13%     31.73% |       44071      3.12%     34.85% |       44023      3.12%     37.97% |       43998      3.12%     41.09% |       44023      3.12%     44.21% |       44049      3.12%     47.33% |       43930      3.11%     50.45% |       43920      3.11%     53.56% |       43911      3.11%     56.67% |       43671      3.10%     59.77% |       43683      3.10%     62.86% |       43587      3.09%     65.95% |       43736      3.10%     69.05% |       43731      3.10%     72.15% |       43693      3.10%     75.25% |       43614      3.09%     78.34% |       43682      3.10%     81.44% |       43513      3.08%     84.52% |       43549      3.09%     87.61% |       43533      3.09%     90.70% |       43647      3.09%     93.79% |       43773      3.10%     96.89% |       43857      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total      1410833                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       37649      3.14%      3.14% |       37502      3.13%      6.27% |       37437      3.12%      9.39% |       37380      3.12%     12.51% |       37368      3.12%     15.62% |       37395      3.12%     18.74% |       37482      3.13%     21.86% |       37513      3.13%     24.99% |       37552      3.13%     28.12% |       37542      3.13%     31.25% |       37550      3.13%     34.39% |       37479      3.13%     37.51% |       37457      3.12%     40.63% |       37516      3.13%     43.76% |       37486      3.13%     46.89% |       37507      3.13%     50.02% |       37567      3.13%     53.15% |       37494      3.13%     56.27% |       37419      3.12%     59.39% |       37327      3.11%     62.51% |       37420      3.12%     65.63% |       37428      3.12%     68.75% |       37425      3.12%     71.87% |       37459      3.12%     74.99% |       37520      3.13%     78.12% |       37507      3.13%     81.25% |       37444      3.12%     84.37% |       37425      3.12%     87.49% |       37426      3.12%     90.61% |       37519      3.13%     93.74% |       37511      3.13%     96.87% |       37546      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1199252                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |          11      2.06%      2.06% |          15      2.81%      4.88% |          14      2.63%      7.50% |          24      4.50%     12.01% |          29      5.44%     17.45% |          11      2.06%     19.51% |          22      4.13%     23.64% |          23      4.32%     27.95% |          16      3.00%     30.96% |          16      3.00%     33.96% |          10      1.88%     35.83% |          21      3.94%     39.77% |          16      3.00%     42.78% |          15      2.81%     45.59% |          14      2.63%     48.22% |          12      2.25%     50.47% |           8      1.50%     51.97% |          12      2.25%     54.22% |          15      2.81%     57.04% |          17      3.19%     60.23% |          13      2.44%     62.66% |          12      2.25%     64.92% |          15      2.81%     67.73% |          16      3.00%     70.73% |          23      4.32%     75.05% |          10      1.88%     76.92% |          16      3.00%     79.92% |          28      5.25%     85.18% |          18      3.38%     88.56% |          17      3.19%     91.74% |          23      4.32%     96.06% |          21      3.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          533                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3408      3.08%      3.08% |        3341      3.02%      6.10% |        3069      2.77%      8.88% |        3085      2.79%     11.67% |        3144      2.84%     14.51% |        3651      3.30%     17.81% |        3339      3.02%     20.83% |        2884      2.61%     23.44% |        3153      2.85%     26.29% |        4768      4.31%     30.60% |        3564      3.22%     33.82% |        3368      3.05%     36.87% |        3111      2.81%     39.68% |        3901      3.53%     43.21% |        3433      3.10%     46.31% |        3324      3.01%     49.32% |        3744      3.39%     52.70% |        3696      3.34%     56.04% |        3168      2.86%     58.91% |        2865      2.59%     61.50% |        2661      2.41%     63.90% |        3277      2.96%     66.87% |        3102      2.80%     69.67% |        2972      2.69%     72.36% |        3164      2.86%     75.22% |        3274      2.96%     78.18% |        2806      2.54%     80.72% |        4297      3.89%     84.60% |        3582      3.24%     87.84% |        4803      4.34%     92.18% |        4645      4.20%     96.38% |        4002      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110601                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2687      3.19%      3.19% |        2724      3.24%      6.43% |        2597      3.09%      9.52% |        2564      3.05%     12.57% |        2338      2.78%     15.35% |        2648      3.15%     18.50% |        2174      2.58%     21.08% |        2154      2.56%     23.64% |        2142      2.55%     26.19% |        2289      2.72%     28.91% |        2219      2.64%     31.55% |        2335      2.78%     34.32% |        2353      2.80%     37.12% |        2475      2.94%     40.06% |        2424      2.88%     42.95% |        2570      3.06%     46.00% |        2530      3.01%     49.01% |        2698      3.21%     52.22% |        2613      3.11%     55.32% |        2758      3.28%     58.60% |        2803      3.33%     61.93% |        3025      3.60%     65.53% |        2887      3.43%     68.96% |        3084      3.67%     72.63% |        3062      3.64%     76.27% |        3090      3.67%     79.94% |        3009      3.58%     83.52% |        2964      3.52%     87.04% |        2857      3.40%     90.44% |        2778      3.30%     93.74% |        2619      3.11%     96.86% |        2644      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        84114                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           2     10.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           5     25.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           4     20.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |          18      1.75%      1.75% |          21      2.04%      3.79% |          18      1.75%      5.54% |          20      1.94%      7.48% |          11      1.07%      8.55% |          23      2.24%     10.79% |          22      2.14%     12.93% |          30      2.92%     15.84% |          21      2.04%     17.88% |          22      2.14%     20.02% |          27      2.62%     22.64% |          32      3.11%     25.75% |          27      2.62%     28.38% |          31      3.01%     31.39% |          47      4.57%     35.96% |          38      3.69%     39.65% |          41      3.98%     43.63% |          28      2.72%     46.36% |          40      3.89%     50.24% |          47      4.57%     54.81% |          35      3.40%     58.21% |          33      3.21%     61.42% |          55      5.34%     66.76% |          49      4.76%     71.53% |          56      5.44%     76.97% |          41      3.98%     80.95% |          41      3.98%     84.94% |          45      4.37%     89.31% |          30      2.92%     92.23% |          27      2.62%     94.85% |          25      2.43%     97.28% |          28      2.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total         1029                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2360      3.12%      3.12% |        2304      3.04%      6.16% |        2291      3.02%      9.18% |        2183      2.88%     12.06% |        2208      2.91%     14.98% |        2076      2.74%     17.72% |        2052      2.71%     20.43% |        2025      2.67%     23.10% |        2201      2.91%     26.01% |        2183      2.88%     28.89% |        2255      2.98%     31.86% |        2285      3.02%     34.88% |        2490      3.29%     38.17% |        2378      3.14%     41.31% |        2370      3.13%     44.44% |        2338      3.09%     47.52% |        2413      3.19%     50.71% |        2461      3.25%     53.96% |        2469      3.26%     57.22% |        2459      3.25%     60.46% |        2584      3.41%     63.87% |        2607      3.44%     67.31% |        2602      3.43%     70.75% |        2540      3.35%     74.10% |        2597      3.43%     77.53% |        2581      3.41%     80.94% |        2507      3.31%     84.25% |        2386      3.15%     87.40% |        2401      3.17%     90.57% |        2429      3.21%     93.77% |        2399      3.17%     96.94% |        2318      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        75752                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      6.17%      6.17% |           4      4.94%     11.11% |           2      2.47%     13.58% |           4      4.94%     18.52% |           3      3.70%     22.22% |           8      9.88%     32.10% |           3      3.70%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           2      2.47%     38.27% |           2      2.47%     40.74% |           2      2.47%     43.21% |           4      4.94%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           6      7.41%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |          11     13.58%     69.14% |           4      4.94%     74.07% |           2      2.47%     76.54% |           1      1.23%     77.78% |           2      2.47%     80.25% |           2      2.47%     82.72% |           6      7.41%     90.12% |           1      1.23%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |      101590      8.79%      8.79% |       34263      2.97%     11.76% |       33253      2.88%     14.63% |       34464      2.98%     17.62% |       33867      2.93%     20.55% |       33396      2.89%     23.44% |       33283      2.88%     26.32% |       33320      2.88%     29.20% |       33277      2.88%     32.08% |       33233      2.88%     34.96% |       35157      3.04%     38.00% |       34530      2.99%     40.99% |       33404      2.89%     43.88% |       33192      2.87%     46.75% |       32504      2.81%     49.56% |       32617      2.82%     52.39% |       33473      2.90%     55.28% |       32780      2.84%     58.12% |       33419      2.89%     61.01% |       33495      2.90%     63.91% |       33286      2.88%     66.79% |       41294      3.57%     70.36% |       39839      3.45%     73.81% |       32394      2.80%     76.62% |       32508      2.81%     79.43% |       33112      2.87%     82.29% |       32642      2.82%     85.12% |       32597      2.82%     87.94% |       33433      2.89%     90.83% |       32769      2.84%     93.67% |       33688      2.92%     96.58% |       39469      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1155548                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       27085      6.10%      6.10% |       13100      2.95%      9.05% |       13131      2.96%     12.01% |       14205      3.20%     15.21% |       12964      2.92%     18.13% |       12741      2.87%     20.99% |       12924      2.91%     23.91% |       12408      2.79%     26.70% |       12527      2.82%     29.52% |       12900      2.91%     32.43% |       12983      2.92%     35.35% |       12608      2.84%     38.19% |       12463      2.81%     41.00% |       12972      2.92%     43.92% |       12329      2.78%     46.69% |       12397      2.79%     49.48% |       12398      2.79%     52.28% |       12953      2.92%     55.19% |       13010      2.93%     58.12% |       13112      2.95%     61.08% |       13207      2.97%     64.05% |       19430      4.38%     68.43% |       14570      3.28%     71.71% |       12781      2.88%     74.59% |       13119      2.95%     77.54% |       12777      2.88%     80.42% |       13151      2.96%     83.38% |       13183      2.97%     86.35% |       13698      3.08%     89.43% |       13393      3.02%     92.45% |       16088      3.62%     96.07% |       17442      3.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       444049                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       44830      3.86%      3.86% |       36089      3.10%      6.96% |       36052      3.10%     10.06% |       35942      3.09%     13.15% |       35967      3.09%     16.25% |       35973      3.09%     19.34% |       36073      3.10%     22.44% |       36052      3.10%     25.54% |       36128      3.11%     28.65% |       36141      3.11%     31.76% |       36177      3.11%     34.87% |       36038      3.10%     37.97% |       36048      3.10%     41.07% |       36119      3.11%     44.18% |       36065      3.10%     47.28% |       36033      3.10%     50.38% |       36199      3.11%     53.49% |       36094      3.10%     56.60% |       36041      3.10%     59.70% |       35912      3.09%     62.79% |       35972      3.09%     65.88% |       35965      3.09%     68.98% |       35993      3.10%     72.07% |       36024      3.10%     75.17% |       36156      3.11%     78.28% |       36113      3.11%     81.39% |       36044      3.10%     84.49% |       36001      3.10%     87.58% |       36080      3.10%     90.69% |       36123      3.11%     93.79% |       36072      3.10%     96.90% |       36086      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1162602                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       39172      3.14%      3.14% |       39066      3.13%      6.26% |       38930      3.12%      9.38% |       39154      3.13%     12.51% |       39124      3.13%     15.65% |       39265      3.14%     18.79% |       39455      3.16%     21.95% |       39551      3.17%     25.11% |       39479      3.16%     28.27% |       39566      3.17%     31.44% |       39361      3.15%     34.59% |       39353      3.15%     37.74% |       39179      3.14%     40.88% |       39179      3.14%     44.02% |       39261      3.14%     47.16% |       39233      3.14%     50.30% |       39146      3.13%     53.43% |       39132      3.13%     56.57% |       38849      3.11%     59.68% |       38848      3.11%     62.79% |       38622      3.09%     65.88% |       38577      3.09%     68.97% |       38648      3.09%     72.06% |       38743      3.10%     75.16% |       38637      3.09%     78.25% |       38702      3.10%     81.35% |       38594      3.09%     84.44% |       38744      3.10%     87.54% |       38640      3.09%     90.64% |       38836      3.11%     93.75% |       38986      3.12%     96.87% |       39146      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1249178                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1411      3.08%      3.08% |        1394      3.05%      6.13% |        1403      3.07%      9.20% |        1328      2.90%     12.10% |        1368      2.99%     15.09% |        1339      2.93%     18.02% |        1345      2.94%     20.96% |        1295      2.83%     23.79% |        1376      3.01%     26.80% |        1373      3.00%     29.80% |        1428      3.12%     32.93% |        1350      2.95%     35.88% |        1383      3.02%     38.90% |        1382      3.02%     41.92% |        1415      3.09%     45.02% |        1385      3.03%     48.04% |        1446      3.16%     51.21% |        1494      3.27%     54.47% |        1507      3.29%     57.77% |        1496      3.27%     61.04% |        1532      3.35%     64.39% |        1476      3.23%     67.61% |        1545      3.38%     70.99% |        1467      3.21%     74.20% |        1475      3.22%     77.42% |        1469      3.21%     80.64% |        1471      3.22%     83.85% |        1495      3.27%     87.12% |        1519      3.32%     90.44% |        1486      3.25%     93.69% |        1485      3.25%     96.94% |        1401      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        45739                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           6     10.17%     10.17% |           6     10.17%     20.34% |           0      0.00%     20.34% |           0      0.00%     20.34% |           0      0.00%     20.34% |           0      0.00%     20.34% |           0      0.00%     20.34% |           0      0.00%     20.34% |           0      0.00%     20.34% |           0      0.00%     20.34% |           0      0.00%     20.34% |           0      0.00%     20.34% |           0      0.00%     20.34% |           0      0.00%     20.34% |           2      3.39%     23.73% |           2      3.39%     27.12% |           2      3.39%     30.51% |           0      0.00%     30.51% |           0      0.00%     30.51% |           0      0.00%     30.51% |           3      5.08%     35.59% |           1      1.69%     37.29% |           2      3.39%     40.68% |           2      3.39%     44.07% |           3      5.08%     49.15% |           1      1.69%     50.85% |          11     18.64%     69.49% |           0      0.00%     69.49% |           4      6.78%     76.27% |           0      0.00%     76.27% |          12     20.34%     96.61% |           2      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      213628      5.29%      5.29% |      123447      3.06%      8.34% |      122297      3.03%     11.37% |      124683      3.09%     14.46% |      122856      3.04%     17.50% |      122297      3.03%     20.52% |      122663      3.04%     23.56% |      122233      3.03%     26.58% |      122325      3.03%     29.61% |      122725      3.04%     32.65% |      124582      3.08%     35.73% |      123431      3.05%     38.79% |      122013      3.02%     41.81% |      122362      3.03%     44.83% |      121069      3.00%     47.83% |      121162      3.00%     50.83% |      122095      3.02%     53.85% |      121823      3.02%     56.87% |      122208      3.02%     59.89% |      122259      3.03%     62.92% |      121992      3.02%     65.94% |      136172      3.37%     69.31% |      129961      3.22%     72.52% |      120845      2.99%     75.51% |      121330      3.00%     78.52% |      121600      3.01%     81.53% |      121345      3.00%     84.53% |      121432      3.01%     87.53% |      122777      3.04%     90.57% |      122044      3.02%     93.59% |      125765      3.11%     96.71% |      133064      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      4040485                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |         532      3.11%      3.11% |         532      3.11%      6.22% |         526      3.08%      9.30% |         562      3.29%     12.58% |         541      3.16%     15.75% |         538      3.15%     18.89% |         518      3.03%     21.92% |         534      3.12%     25.05% |         522      3.05%     28.10% |         531      3.11%     31.20% |         514      3.01%     34.21% |         550      3.22%     37.43% |         533      3.12%     40.54% |         507      2.96%     43.51% |         525      3.07%     46.58% |         571      3.34%     49.92% |         508      2.97%     52.89% |         528      3.09%     55.98% |         541      3.16%     59.14% |         577      3.37%     62.51% |         521      3.05%     65.56% |         512      2.99%     68.56% |         542      3.17%     71.73% |         545      3.19%     74.91% |         520      3.04%     77.95% |         521      3.05%     81.00% |         538      3.15%     84.15% |         578      3.38%     87.53% |         533      3.12%     90.64% |         532      3.11%     93.75% |         528      3.09%     96.84% |         540      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total        17100                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |        2747      3.13%      3.13% |        2736      3.12%      6.26% |        2719      3.10%      9.36% |        2681      3.06%     12.42% |        2727      3.11%     15.53% |        2768      3.16%     18.69% |        2744      3.13%     21.82% |        2760      3.15%     24.97% |        2765      3.15%     28.12% |        2723      3.11%     31.23% |        2748      3.14%     34.37% |        2722      3.11%     37.47% |        2750      3.14%     40.61% |        2823      3.22%     43.83% |        2766      3.16%     46.99% |        2719      3.10%     50.09% |        2679      3.06%     53.15% |        2669      3.05%     56.19% |        2659      3.03%     59.23% |        2644      3.02%     62.24% |        2725      3.11%     65.35% |        2955      3.37%     68.72% |        2792      3.19%     71.91% |        2700      3.08%     74.99% |        2689      3.07%     78.06% |        2781      3.17%     81.23% |        2726      3.11%     84.34% |        2676      3.05%     87.40% |        2713      3.10%     90.49% |        2747      3.13%     93.63% |        2799      3.19%     96.82% |        2788      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        87640                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          15      7.43%      7.43% |           0      0.00%      7.43% |           0      0.00%      7.43% |           0      0.00%      7.43% |          46     22.77%     30.20% |           0      0.00%     30.20% |           0      0.00%     30.20% |           0      0.00%     30.20% |           0      0.00%     30.20% |           0      0.00%     30.20% |           0      0.00%     30.20% |           0      0.00%     30.20% |           0      0.00%     30.20% |           0      0.00%     30.20% |           0      0.00%     30.20% |           0      0.00%     30.20% |           0      0.00%     30.20% |           0      0.00%     30.20% |           0      0.00%     30.20% |           0      0.00%     30.20% |           0      0.00%     30.20% |          45     22.28%     52.48% |          49     24.26%     76.73% |          47     23.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total          202                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |          23      1.79%      1.79% |          25      1.95%      3.74% |          23      1.79%      5.53% |          31      2.41%      7.94% |          18      1.40%      9.35% |          22      1.71%     11.06% |          25      1.95%     13.01% |          25      1.95%     14.95% |          35      2.73%     17.68% |          52      4.05%     21.73% |          73      5.69%     27.41% |          36      2.80%     30.22% |          40      3.12%     33.33% |          22      1.71%     35.05% |          34      2.65%     37.69% |          42      3.27%     40.97% |          35      2.73%     43.69% |          42      3.27%     46.96% |          48      3.74%     50.70% |          31      2.41%     53.12% |          31      2.41%     55.53% |         150     11.68%     67.21% |          66      5.14%     72.35% |          72      5.61%     77.96% |          51      3.97%     81.93% |          39      3.04%     84.97% |          59      4.60%     89.56% |          40      3.12%     92.68% |          22      1.71%     94.39% |          21      1.64%     96.03% |          26      2.02%     98.05% |          25      1.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total         1284                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |          17      3.09%      3.09% |           4      0.73%      3.81% |           7      1.27%      5.08% |          15      2.72%      7.80% |          16      2.90%     10.71% |          16      2.90%     13.61% |          20      3.63%     17.24% |          21      3.81%     21.05% |          10      1.81%     22.87% |          17      3.09%     25.95% |           9      1.63%     27.59% |          25      4.54%     32.12% |          11      2.00%     34.12% |          21      3.81%     37.93% |          12      2.18%     40.11% |          27      4.90%     45.01% |          15      2.72%     47.73% |          10      1.81%     49.55% |          10      1.81%     51.36% |          19      3.45%     54.81% |          81     14.70%     69.51% |          27      4.90%     74.41% |          13      2.36%     76.77% |          30      5.44%     82.21% |          13      2.36%     84.57% |           9      1.63%     86.21% |           9      1.63%     87.84% |          14      2.54%     90.38% |           8      1.45%     91.83% |          14      2.54%     94.37% |          15      2.72%     97.10% |          16      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total          551                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.67%      0.67% |           2      1.33%      2.00% |           4      2.67%      4.67% |           9      6.00%     10.67% |           5      3.33%     14.00% |           2      1.33%     15.33% |           5      3.33%     18.67% |           4      2.67%     21.33% |           5      3.33%     24.67% |           6      4.00%     28.67% |           6      4.00%     32.67% |           5      3.33%     36.00% |           9      6.00%     42.00% |           2      1.33%     43.33% |           4      2.67%     46.00% |           7      4.67%     50.67% |           4      2.67%     53.33% |           7      4.67%     58.00% |           2      1.33%     59.33% |           3      2.00%     61.33% |           6      4.00%     65.33% |           3      2.00%     67.33% |           7      4.67%     72.00% |           7      4.67%     76.67% |           3      2.00%     78.67% |          12      8.00%     86.67% |           5      3.33%     90.00% |           2      1.33%     91.33% |           3      2.00%     93.33% |           3      2.00%     95.33% |           7      4.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          150                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       89731      3.46%      3.46% |       80751      3.11%      6.57% |       80541      3.11%      9.68% |       80546      3.11%     12.79% |       80589      3.11%     15.89% |       80645      3.11%     19.00% |       80866      3.12%     22.12% |       80944      3.12%     25.24% |       81117      3.13%     28.37% |       81167      3.13%     31.50% |       81078      3.13%     34.63% |       80970      3.12%     37.75% |       81024      3.12%     40.88% |       81028      3.12%     44.00% |       81010      3.12%     47.13% |       80916      3.12%     50.25% |       80968      3.12%     53.37% |       80906      3.12%     56.49% |       80582      3.11%     59.60% |       80462      3.10%     62.70% |       80446      3.10%     65.80% |       80640      3.11%     68.91% |       80598      3.11%     72.02% |       80574      3.11%     75.13% |       80623      3.11%     78.24% |       80720      3.11%     81.35% |       80432      3.10%     84.45% |       80406      3.10%     87.55% |       80389      3.10%     90.65% |       80689      3.11%     93.76% |       80806      3.12%     96.88% |       80902      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      2593066                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           1      1.67%      1.67% |           2      3.33%      5.00% |           1      1.67%      6.67% |           4      6.67%     13.33% |           5      8.33%     21.67% |           1      1.67%     23.33% |           1      1.67%     25.00% |           4      6.67%     31.67% |           4      6.67%     38.33% |           1      1.67%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           2      3.33%     43.33% |           3      5.00%     48.33% |           1      1.67%     50.00% |           1      1.67%     51.67% |           2      3.33%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      1.67%     56.67% |           3      5.00%     61.67% |           3      5.00%     66.67% |           2      3.33%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           2      3.33%     73.33% |           2      3.33%     76.67% |           0      0.00%     76.67% |           1      1.67%     78.33% |           2      3.33%     81.67% |           3      5.00%     86.67% |           1      1.67%     88.33% |           4      6.67%     95.00% |           2      3.33%     98.33% |           1      1.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           60                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         585      3.42%      3.42% |         530      3.10%      6.52% |         525      3.07%      9.59% |         560      3.27%     12.86% |         540      3.16%     16.02% |         537      3.14%     19.16% |         517      3.02%     22.18% |         532      3.11%     25.29% |         521      3.05%     28.33% |         530      3.10%     31.43% |         511      2.99%     34.42% |         548      3.20%     37.62% |         533      3.12%     40.74% |         506      2.96%     43.70% |         524      3.06%     46.76% |         570      3.33%     50.09% |         508      2.97%     53.06% |         526      3.07%     56.13% |         540      3.16%     59.29% |         576      3.37%     62.66% |         519      3.03%     65.69% |         509      2.98%     68.67% |         539      3.15%     71.82% |         542      3.17%     74.99% |         518      3.03%     78.01% |         519      3.03%     81.05% |         538      3.14%     84.19% |         578      3.38%     87.57% |         530      3.10%     90.67% |         531      3.10%     93.77% |         528      3.09%     96.86% |         537      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total        17107                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      5.77%      5.77% |           2      3.85%      9.62% |           1      1.92%     11.54% |           2      3.85%     15.38% |           1      1.92%     17.31% |           1      1.92%     19.23% |           1      1.92%     21.15% |           3      5.77%     26.92% |           1      1.92%     28.85% |           2      3.85%     32.69% |           3      5.77%     38.46% |           2      3.85%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           1      1.92%     44.23% |           1      1.92%     46.15% |           1      1.92%     48.08% |           0      0.00%     48.08% |           2      3.85%     51.92% |           1      1.92%     53.85% |           1      1.92%     55.77% |           2      3.85%     59.62% |           3      5.77%     65.38% |           3      5.77%     71.15% |           4      7.69%     78.85% |           2      3.85%     82.69% |           2      3.85%     86.54% |           0      0.00%     86.54% |           0      0.00%     86.54% |           3      5.77%     92.31% |           1      1.92%     94.23% |           0      0.00%     94.23% |           3      5.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.70%      2.70% |           1      2.70%      5.41% |           0      0.00%      5.41% |           0      0.00%      5.41% |           0      0.00%      5.41% |           0      0.00%      5.41% |           0      0.00%      5.41% |           3      8.11%     13.51% |           0      0.00%     13.51% |           0      0.00%     13.51% |           1      2.70%     16.22% |           0      0.00%     16.22% |           0      0.00%     16.22% |           0      0.00%     16.22% |           0      0.00%     16.22% |           0      0.00%     16.22% |           0      0.00%     16.22% |           0      0.00%     16.22% |          27     72.97%     89.19% |           0      0.00%     89.19% |           3      8.11%     97.30% |           0      0.00%     97.30% |           1      2.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           37                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     12.50%     12.50% |          49     87.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           9      2.34%      2.34% |          12      3.12%      5.47% |          11      2.86%      8.33% |          14      3.65%     11.98% |          20      5.21%     17.19% |           9      2.34%     19.53% |          19      4.95%     24.48% |          17      4.43%     28.91% |           8      2.08%     30.99% |          14      3.65%     34.64% |           9      2.34%     36.98% |          13      3.39%     40.36% |          11      2.86%     43.23% |          12      3.12%     46.35% |           9      2.34%     48.70% |           9      2.34%     51.04% |           8      2.08%     53.12% |           9      2.34%     55.47% |          10      2.60%     58.07% |          10      2.60%     60.68% |          11      2.86%     63.54% |           9      2.34%     65.89% |          10      2.60%     68.49% |          13      3.39%     71.87% |          20      5.21%     77.08% |           8      2.08%     79.17% |          10      2.60%     81.77% |          21      5.47%     87.24% |          10      2.60%     89.84% |           7      1.82%     91.67% |          16      4.17%     95.83% |          16      4.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          384                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         672      3.09%      3.09% |         676      3.11%      6.21% |         656      3.02%      9.23% |         664      3.06%     12.29% |         634      2.92%     15.21% |         657      3.03%     18.23% |         671      3.09%     21.32% |         722      3.33%     24.65% |         700      3.22%     27.87% |         671      3.09%     30.96% |         670      3.09%     34.05% |         676      3.11%     37.16% |         652      3.00%     40.16% |         677      3.12%     43.28% |         677      3.12%     46.40% |         690      3.18%     49.58% |         669      3.08%     52.66% |         676      3.11%     55.77% |         654      3.01%     58.78% |         660      3.04%     61.82% |         719      3.31%     65.13% |         783      3.61%     68.74% |         708      3.26%     72.00% |         699      3.22%     75.22% |         647      2.98%     78.20% |         692      3.19%     81.39% |         667      3.07%     84.46% |         655      3.02%     87.47% |         629      2.90%     90.37% |         666      3.07%     93.44% |         704      3.24%     96.68% |         721      3.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total        21714                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           6      1.72%      1.72% |           7      2.01%      3.72% |           9      2.58%      6.30% |           9      2.58%      8.88% |          15      4.30%     13.18% |           6      1.72%     14.90% |          15      4.30%     19.20% |          14      4.01%     23.21% |           9      2.58%     25.79% |          12      3.44%     29.23% |          12      3.44%     32.66% |          13      3.72%     36.39% |          12      3.44%     39.83% |          11      3.15%     42.98% |           7      2.01%     44.99% |           9      2.58%     47.56% |           7      2.01%     49.57% |           9      2.58%     52.15% |          13      3.72%     55.87% |          12      3.44%     59.31% |           7      2.01%     61.32% |           8      2.29%     63.61% |          11      3.15%     66.76% |          10      2.87%     69.63% |          21      6.02%     75.64% |           8      2.29%     77.94% |          10      2.87%     80.80% |          14      4.01%     84.81% |          12      3.44%     88.25% |          10      2.87%     91.12% |          18      5.16%     96.28% |          13      3.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total          349                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |        2069      3.16%      3.16% |        2053      3.13%      6.29% |        2054      3.13%      9.42% |        2008      3.06%     12.48% |        2078      3.17%     15.65% |        2105      3.21%     18.86% |        2058      3.14%     22.00% |        2024      3.09%     25.08% |        2056      3.14%     28.22% |        2040      3.11%     31.33% |        2066      3.15%     34.48% |        2033      3.10%     37.58% |        2086      3.18%     40.76% |        2135      3.26%     44.02% |        2082      3.17%     47.19% |        2020      3.08%     50.27% |        2003      3.05%     53.33% |        1984      3.03%     56.35% |        1992      3.04%     59.39% |        1972      3.01%     62.40% |        1999      3.05%     65.45% |        2164      3.30%     68.75% |        2073      3.16%     71.91% |        1991      3.04%     74.94% |        2021      3.08%     78.02% |        2081      3.17%     81.20% |        2049      3.12%     84.32% |        2007      3.06%     87.38% |        2072      3.16%     90.54% |        2071      3.16%     93.70% |        2077      3.17%     96.87% |        2054      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        65577                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           2     18.18%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           3     27.27%     54.55% |           4     36.36%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           0      0.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           2     10.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2     10.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           1      5.00%     40.00% |           1      5.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           3     15.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        1952      3.12%      3.12% |        1913      3.06%      6.19% |        1903      3.05%      9.23% |        1785      2.86%     12.09% |        1814      2.90%     15.00% |        1701      2.72%     17.72% |        1673      2.68%     20.40% |        1578      2.53%     22.92% |        1764      2.82%     25.75% |        1789      2.86%     28.61% |        1844      2.95%     31.56% |        1835      2.94%     34.50% |        1975      3.16%     37.66% |        1910      3.06%     40.72% |        1952      3.12%     43.84% |        1894      3.03%     46.88% |        1996      3.20%     50.07% |        2004      3.21%     53.28% |        2037      3.26%     56.54% |        2055      3.29%     59.83% |        2214      3.54%     63.37% |        2179      3.49%     66.86% |        2241      3.59%     70.45% |        2180      3.49%     73.94% |        2201      3.52%     77.46% |        2107      3.37%     80.84% |        2115      3.39%     84.22% |        2021      3.24%     87.46% |        2065      3.31%     90.76% |        1952      3.12%     93.89% |        1950      3.12%     97.01% |        1868      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        62467                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2360      3.12%      3.12% |        2304      3.04%      6.16% |        2291      3.02%      9.18% |        2183      2.88%     12.06% |        2208      2.91%     14.98% |        2076      2.74%     17.72% |        2052      2.71%     20.43% |        2025      2.67%     23.10% |        2201      2.91%     26.01% |        2183      2.88%     28.89% |        2255      2.98%     31.86% |        2285      3.02%     34.88% |        2490      3.29%     38.17% |        2378      3.14%     41.31% |        2370      3.13%     44.44% |        2338      3.09%     47.52% |        2413      3.19%     50.71% |        2461      3.25%     53.96% |        2469      3.26%     57.22% |        2459      3.25%     60.46% |        2584      3.41%     63.87% |        2607      3.44%     67.31% |        2602      3.43%     70.75% |        2540      3.35%     74.10% |        2597      3.43%     77.53% |        2581      3.41%     80.94% |        2507      3.31%     84.25% |        2386      3.15%     87.40% |        2401      3.17%     90.57% |        2429      3.21%     93.77% |        2399      3.17%     96.94% |        2318      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        75752                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |         444      2.93%      2.93% |         459      3.03%      5.95% |         439      2.89%      8.84% |         407      2.68%     11.53% |         364      2.40%     13.93% |         311      2.05%     15.98% |         248      1.63%     17.61% |         264      1.74%     19.35% |         336      2.21%     21.56% |         413      2.72%     24.29% |         384      2.53%     26.82% |         467      3.08%     29.90% |         540      3.56%     33.45% |         516      3.40%     36.85% |         498      3.28%     40.14% |         507      3.34%     43.48% |         533      3.51%     46.99% |         525      3.46%     50.45% |         520      3.43%     53.88% |         533      3.51%     57.39% |         625      4.12%     61.51% |         666      4.39%     65.90% |         628      4.14%     70.04% |         665      4.38%     74.42% |         650      4.28%     78.71% |         590      3.89%     82.59% |         569      3.75%     86.34% |         454      2.99%     89.34% |         440      2.90%     92.24% |         405      2.67%     94.91% |         375      2.47%     97.38% |         398      2.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total        15173                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1     11.11%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           1     11.11%     33.33% |           2     22.22%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           2     22.22%     77.78% |           1     11.11%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       52158      3.74%      3.74% |       43364      3.11%      6.84% |       43239      3.10%      9.94% |       43335      3.10%     13.05% |       43406      3.11%     16.16% |       43535      3.12%     19.28% |       43693      3.13%     22.41% |       43703      3.13%     25.54% |       43735      3.13%     28.67% |       43786      3.14%     31.81% |       43687      3.13%     34.94% |       43556      3.12%     38.06% |       43458      3.11%     41.17% |       43507      3.12%     44.29% |       43551      3.12%     47.41% |       43423      3.11%     50.52% |       43387      3.11%     53.63% |       43386      3.11%     56.74% |       43151      3.09%     59.83% |       43150      3.09%     62.92% |       42962      3.08%     66.00% |       43070      3.09%     69.09% |       43103      3.09%     72.18% |       43028      3.08%     75.26% |       42964      3.08%     78.34% |       43092      3.09%     81.43% |       42944      3.08%     84.50% |       43095      3.09%     87.59% |       43093      3.09%     90.68% |       43242      3.10%     93.78% |       43398      3.11%     96.89% |       43459      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total      1395660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         948      3.07%      3.07% |         909      2.94%      6.01% |         889      2.87%      8.88% |         855      2.77%     11.65% |         839      2.71%     14.36% |         739      2.39%     16.75% |         715      2.31%     19.06% |         752      2.43%     21.49% |         854      2.76%     24.25% |         863      2.79%     27.05% |         865      2.80%     29.84% |         959      3.10%     32.94% |        1133      3.66%     36.61% |        1029      3.33%     39.94% |         997      3.22%     43.16% |        1010      3.27%     46.43% |        1038      3.36%     49.78% |        1050      3.40%     53.18% |        1036      3.35%     56.53% |        1009      3.26%     59.79% |        1088      3.52%     63.31% |        1166      3.77%     67.08% |        1094      3.54%     70.62% |        1111      3.59%     74.21% |        1163      3.76%     77.97% |        1145      3.70%     81.68% |        1068      3.45%     85.13% |         910      2.94%     88.07% |         894      2.89%     90.96% |         952      3.08%     94.04% |         921      2.98%     97.02% |         921      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        30922                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       37649      3.14%      3.14% |       37502      3.13%      6.27% |       37437      3.12%      9.39% |       37380      3.12%     12.51% |       37368      3.12%     15.62% |       37395      3.12%     18.74% |       37482      3.13%     21.86% |       37513      3.13%     24.99% |       37552      3.13%     28.12% |       37542      3.13%     31.25% |       37550      3.13%     34.39% |       37479      3.13%     37.51% |       37457      3.12%     40.63% |       37516      3.13%     43.76% |       37486      3.13%     46.89% |       37507      3.13%     50.02% |       37567      3.13%     53.15% |       37494      3.13%     56.27% |       37419      3.12%     59.39% |       37327      3.11%     62.51% |       37420      3.12%     65.63% |       37428      3.12%     68.75% |       37425      3.12%     71.87% |       37459      3.12%     74.99% |       37520      3.13%     78.12% |       37507      3.13%     81.25% |       37444      3.12%     84.37% |       37425      3.12%     87.49% |       37426      3.12%     90.61% |       37519      3.13%     93.74% |       37511      3.13%     96.87% |       37546      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1199252                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      5.26%      5.26% |           2      5.26%     10.53% |           1      2.63%     13.16% |           1      2.63%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      2.63%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           2      5.26%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           5     13.16%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           4     10.53%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           8     21.05%     68.42% |           3      7.89%     76.32% |           1      2.63%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           3      7.89%     86.84% |           0      0.00%     86.84% |           2      5.26%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           2      5.26%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           1      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          44      2.13%      2.13% |          40      1.94%      4.07% |          39      1.89%      5.97% |          35      1.70%      7.66% |          39      1.89%      9.55% |          33      1.60%     11.15% |          46      2.23%     13.39% |          49      2.38%     15.76% |          60      2.91%     18.67% |          46      2.23%     20.90% |          69      3.35%     24.25% |          61      2.96%     27.21% |          65      3.15%     30.36% |          80      3.88%     34.24% |          78      3.78%     38.02% |          67      3.25%     41.27% |          46      2.23%     43.50% |          77      3.73%     47.24% |          72      3.49%     50.73% |          96      4.66%     55.38% |          93      4.51%     59.89% |          82      3.98%     63.87% |          91      4.41%     68.28% |          88      4.27%     72.55% |          75      3.64%     76.19% |          83      4.03%     80.21% |          74      3.59%     83.80% |          89      4.32%     88.12% |          52      2.52%     90.64% |          70      3.39%     94.03% |          73      3.54%     97.58% |          50      2.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         2062                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |          77      2.61%      2.61% |          62      2.10%      4.72% |          78      2.65%      7.36% |          80      2.71%     10.07% |          70      2.37%     12.45% |          63      2.14%     14.59% |          69      2.34%     16.93% |          74      2.51%     19.44% |         108      3.66%     23.10% |         127      4.31%     27.41% |          86      2.92%     30.33% |          85      2.88%     33.21% |          96      3.26%     36.47% |          91      3.09%     39.55% |          90      3.05%     42.61% |         107      3.63%     46.23% |          95      3.22%     49.46% |          91      3.09%     52.54% |          78      2.65%     55.19% |          81      2.75%     57.94% |          88      2.99%     60.92% |         163      5.53%     66.45% |          77      2.61%     69.06% |         145      4.92%     73.98% |         119      4.04%     78.02% |         105      3.56%     81.58% |         100      3.39%     84.97% |          77      2.61%     87.58% |          90      3.05%     90.64% |          77      2.61%     93.25% |          85      2.88%     96.13% |         114      3.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total         2948                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           1      4.17%      4.17% |           3     12.50%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1      4.17%     20.83% |           0      0.00%     20.83% |           3     12.50%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2      8.33%     41.67% |           1      4.17%     45.83% |           0      0.00%     45.83% |           1      4.17%     50.00% |           1      4.17%     54.17% |           2      8.33%     62.50% |           1      4.17%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2      8.33%     75.00% |           1      4.17%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           1      4.17%     83.33% |           1      4.17%     87.50% |           1      4.17%     91.67% |           1      4.17%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           1      4.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L2_Replacement_clean::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      218488      5.21%      5.21% |      128235      3.06%      8.27% |      127060      3.03%     11.30% |      129384      3.08%     14.38% |      127605      3.04%     17.42% |      127067      3.03%     20.45% |      127382      3.04%     23.49% |      126944      3.03%     26.51% |      127091      3.03%     29.54% |      127461      3.04%     32.58% |      129377      3.08%     35.67% |      128173      3.06%     38.72% |      126782      3.02%     41.75% |      127187      3.03%     44.78% |      125872      3.00%     47.78% |      125946      3.00%     50.78% |      126827      3.02%     53.80% |      126613      3.02%     56.82% |      126999      3.03%     59.85% |      127084      3.03%     62.88% |      126878      3.02%     65.91% |      141223      3.37%     69.27% |      134939      3.22%     72.49% |      125664      3.00%     75.49% |      126114      3.01%     78.49% |      126489      3.02%     81.51% |      126192      3.01%     84.52% |      126300      3.01%     87.53% |      127654      3.04%     90.57% |      126923      3.03%     93.60% |      130697      3.12%     96.71% |      137918      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4194568                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           3     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |          16      1.70%      1.70% |          18      1.92%      3.62% |          16      1.70%      5.32% |          20      2.13%      7.45% |          11      1.17%      8.63% |          21      2.24%     10.86% |          19      2.02%     12.89% |          27      2.88%     15.76% |          18      1.92%     17.68% |          20      2.13%     19.81% |          27      2.88%     22.68% |          30      3.19%     25.88% |          26      2.77%     28.65% |          30      3.19%     31.84% |          46      4.90%     36.74% |          34      3.62%     40.36% |          36      3.83%     44.20% |          25      2.66%     46.86% |          34      3.62%     50.48% |          44      4.69%     55.17% |          34      3.62%     58.79% |          30      3.19%     61.98% |          52      5.54%     67.52% |          43      4.58%     72.10% |          50      5.32%     77.42% |          39      4.15%     81.58% |          38      4.05%     85.62% |          42      4.47%     90.10% |          25      2.66%     92.76% |          24      2.56%     95.31% |          21      2.24%     97.55% |          23      2.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          939                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1370      3.22%      3.22% |        1345      3.16%      6.37% |        1278      3.00%      9.37% |        1265      2.97%     12.34% |        1290      3.03%     15.37% |        1262      2.96%     18.33% |        1256      2.95%     21.28% |        1212      2.84%     24.12% |        1193      2.80%     26.92% |        1219      2.86%     29.79% |        1274      2.99%     32.78% |        1277      3.00%     35.77% |        1325      3.11%     38.88% |        1304      3.06%     41.94% |        1292      3.03%     44.98% |        1293      3.03%     48.01% |        1336      3.14%     51.15% |        1396      3.28%     54.42% |        1415      3.32%     57.75% |        1404      3.30%     61.04% |        1384      3.25%     64.29% |        1324      3.11%     67.40% |        1426      3.35%     70.74% |        1375      3.23%     73.97% |        1385      3.25%     77.22% |        1387      3.26%     80.48% |        1364      3.20%     83.68% |        1410      3.31%     86.99% |        1415      3.32%     90.31% |        1401      3.29%     93.60% |        1424      3.34%     96.94% |        1303      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        42604                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          41      1.31%      1.31% |          49      1.57%      2.88% |         125      3.99%      6.87% |          63      2.01%      8.88% |          78      2.49%     11.37% |          77      2.46%     13.83% |          89      2.84%     16.68% |          83      2.65%     19.33% |         183      5.85%     25.18% |         154      4.92%     30.10% |         154      4.92%     35.02% |          73      2.33%     37.35% |          58      1.85%     39.20% |          78      2.49%     41.69% |         123      3.93%     45.62% |          92      2.94%     48.56% |         110      3.51%     52.08% |          98      3.13%     55.21% |          92      2.94%     58.15% |          92      2.94%     61.09% |         148      4.73%     65.81% |         150      4.79%     70.61% |         119      3.80%     74.41% |          92      2.94%     77.35% |          90      2.88%     80.22% |          82      2.62%     82.84% |         106      3.39%     86.23% |          85      2.72%     88.95% |         104      3.32%     92.27% |          85      2.72%     94.98% |          61      1.95%     96.93% |          96      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         3130                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          41      1.31%      1.31% |          49      1.57%      2.88% |         125      3.99%      6.87% |          63      2.01%      8.88% |          78      2.49%     11.37% |          77      2.46%     13.83% |          89      2.84%     16.68% |          83      2.65%     19.33% |         183      5.85%     25.18% |         154      4.92%     30.10% |         154      4.92%     35.02% |          73      2.33%     37.35% |          58      1.85%     39.20% |          78      2.49%     41.69% |         123      3.93%     45.62% |          92      2.94%     48.56% |         110      3.51%     52.08% |          98      3.13%     55.21% |          92      2.94%     58.15% |          92      2.94%     61.09% |         148      4.73%     65.81% |         150      4.79%     70.61% |         119      3.80%     74.41% |          92      2.94%     77.35% |          90      2.88%     80.22% |          82      2.62%     82.84% |         106      3.39%     86.23% |          85      2.72%     88.95% |         104      3.32%     92.27% |          85      2.72%     94.98% |          61      1.95%     96.93% |          96      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         3130                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      1.61%      1.61% |           2      3.23%      4.84% |           3      4.84%      9.68% |           0      0.00%      9.68% |           1      1.61%     11.29% |           2      3.23%     14.52% |           2      3.23%     17.74% |           1      1.61%     19.35% |           2      3.23%     22.58% |           1      1.61%     24.19% |           1      1.61%     25.81% |           3      4.84%     30.65% |           1      1.61%     32.26% |           4      6.45%     38.71% |           1      1.61%     40.32% |           2      3.23%     43.55% |           4      6.45%     50.00% |           2      3.23%     53.23% |           4      6.45%     59.68% |           1      1.61%     61.29% |           1      1.61%     62.90% |           2      3.23%     66.13% |           3      4.84%     70.97% |           0      0.00%     70.97% |           2      3.23%     74.19% |           3      4.84%     79.03% |           2      3.23%     82.26% |           2      3.23%     85.48% |           4      6.45%     91.94% |           2      3.23%     95.16% |           3      4.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           62                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1370      3.22%      3.22% |        1345      3.16%      6.37% |        1278      3.00%      9.37% |        1265      2.97%     12.34% |        1290      3.03%     15.37% |        1262      2.96%     18.33% |        1256      2.95%     21.28% |        1212      2.84%     24.12% |        1193      2.80%     26.92% |        1219      2.86%     29.78% |        1274      2.99%     32.77% |        1277      3.00%     35.77% |        1325      3.11%     38.88% |        1304      3.06%     41.94% |        1292      3.03%     44.97% |        1293      3.03%     48.01% |        1336      3.14%     51.14% |        1396      3.28%     54.42% |        1415      3.32%     57.74% |        1404      3.30%     61.03% |        1384      3.25%     64.28% |        1326      3.11%     67.39% |        1426      3.35%     70.74% |        1375      3.23%     73.97% |        1385      3.25%     77.22% |        1387      3.26%     80.47% |        1365      3.20%     83.68% |        1410      3.31%     86.99% |        1415      3.32%     90.31% |        1401      3.29%     93.60% |        1424      3.34%     96.94% |        1305      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        42609                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      438479     20.70%     20.70% |     1058967     50.00%     70.70% |       76664      3.62%     74.32% |       83915      3.96%     78.29% |       76409      3.61%     81.89% |       80130      3.78%     85.68% |       77261      3.65%     89.32% |       84174      3.97%     93.30% |       71675      3.38%     96.68% |       70260      3.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2117934                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      438479     20.70%     20.70% |     1058967     50.00%     70.70% |       76664      3.62%     74.32% |       83915      3.96%     78.29% |       76409      3.61%     81.89% |       80130      3.78%     85.68% |       77261      3.65%     89.32% |       84174      3.97%     93.30% |       71675      3.38%     96.68% |       70260      3.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2117934                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      438479     20.70%     20.70% |     1058967     50.00%     70.70% |       76664      3.62%     74.32% |       83915      3.96%     78.29% |       76409      3.61%     81.89% |       80130      3.78%     85.68% |       77261      3.65%     89.32% |       84174      3.97%     93.30% |       71675      3.38%     96.68% |       70260      3.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2117934                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      438479     20.70%     20.70% |     1058967     50.00%     70.70% |       76664      3.62%     74.32% |       83915      3.96%     78.29% |       76409      3.61%     81.89% |       80130      3.78%     85.68% |       77261      3.65%     89.32% |       84174      3.97%     93.30% |       71675      3.38%     96.68% |       70260      3.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2117934                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
